28-year-old chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall
a 28-year-old chef who had recently moved to San Francisco was found dead in the stairwell of a local mall this week.
but the victim's brother says he can't think of anyone who would want to hurt him, saying, "Things were finally going well for him."
the body found at the Westfield Mall Wednesday morning was identified as 28-year-old San Francisco resident Frank Galicia, the San Francisco Medical Examiner's Office said.
the San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing.
the victim's brother, Louis Galicia, told ABC station KGO in San Francisco that frank, previously a line cook in Boston, had landed his dream job as line chef at San Francisco's Sons & Daughters restaurant six months ago.
a spokesperson for Sons & Daughters said they were "shocked and devastated" by his death.
"We are a small team that operates like a close knit family and he will be dearly missed," the spokesperson said.
our thoughts and condolences are with Frank's family and friends at this difficult time.
Louis Galicia said Frank initially stayed in hostels, but recently, "Things were finally going well for him."
"He found an apartment, he was dating a girl," Louis Galicia told KGO.
Louis Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother.
he was a kind spirit with a big heart.
his way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish, making us dinner," Louis Galicia said.
he never wanted to be in any kind of altercation.
he was the brother that went with the flow.
"with everything else that's going wrong with the world, he was that diamond in the rough that was shining bright every day," he said.
anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD tip Line at 415-575-4444.
Jennifer Aniston: I'm always pigeonholed
Jennifer Aniston need not always be perfect or successful.
that is what the Hollywood star has made abundantly clear in an interview.
"I'm always pigeonholed, or labelled by someone who has little, if anything, to do with me and reality."
"Personally, I have no desire to be perfect and successful all the time."
"to be honest, I don't really give a damn about things like that."
Jennifer Aniston (47) can only laugh that she has been dubbed "Miss Perfect" in the current issue of "Cosmopolitan."
the actress prefers to spend her time at home in front of the television with her hair in a relaxed bun, eating Mexican food, the magazine reports.
the question of whether she wants children makes her livid: "We women do not need to be married or have children to feel fulfilled," the Hollywood star says.
in her new film, "Mother's Day - love isn't child's play," Aniston stars as a single mother with two sons.
the film is released in Germany on 25 August.
golfer Langer is awarded the Sport Pyramid
his experience on horseback is negligible.
at the end of a golfing tournament in South Africa, Bernhard Langer and a colleague went for a ride along the beach for a bit of fun.
it was a first for the 58-year-old.
CHIO: "Golden Sport Pyramid" for Bernhard Langer
after a few minutes, the horse decided it wanted to go home, and raced back to its feeding trough at full tilt.
after a kilometre at this speed I was scared.
"It wasn't a good experience," said Langer.
and with that, his riding career came to an end again.
on Saturday, Germany's best golfer of all time - with 101 tournament wins under his belt - was once again near horses.
he and his family toured the ALRV grounds, but he did not jump onto a horse for a photo.
it was Langer's first time in Aachen, and at CHIO.
he had been thoroughly convinced.
the German Sport Aid foundation awarded the man from Anhausen with the Golden Sport Pyramid at a small gala event.
the friendly sportsman is not lacking for awards.
the Federal Cross of merit, the Silver Laurel Leaf, Champions Tour Player of the Year...
even the British Queen has bestowed an honour upon him.
Langer is the 18th person to be awarded the Sport pyramid.
on Saturday, he met the first person to receive it, Hans Günter Winkler, in Aachen.
"This award means a lot to me," said Langer, "because it's not just given for sporting success, but also for social commitment."
Langer has been encouraging up-and-coming talent for years.
and in this vein, he passed the prize money of 25,000 euros on straight away.
the two-time US master's champion was inaugurated into the "Hall of Fame for German Sport" on Saturday, along with 15 other outstanding sportspeople.
those given the award include track athletes Hartwig Gauder and Harald Schmitt, gymnast Eberhard Gienger, fencers Cornelia Hanisch, Alexander Putsch and Arnd Schmitt, rower Peter-Michael Kolbe, bob-sleigh rider Meinhard Nehmer, judo player Frank Wieneke, show-jumper Alwin Schockemöhle, and, posthumously, handball player Erhard Wunderlich.
many of these sport legends came to Aachen on Saturday.
after the official part, the illustrious gathering wandered to the show-jumping stadium, where the Lavazza Prize was underway.
Bernhard Langer kept his distance from the large animals.
comparing Clinton's and Trump's economic policies: It's all about the money
both Clinton and Trump want to invest in infrastructure and prevent the TTP trade agreement.
but the two candidates for the US presidency disagree on taxes and energy policies, as well as on one fundamental issue.
there is a fundamental philosophical reason for the differences between Donald Trump's and Hillary Clinton's economic policies.
this is the role of the state.
if in doubt, Trump wants the state's role to be minor, and warns of how the state can damage the economy with taxes and regulations.
Clinton wants to lead the economy to its death and regulate it to its death, he says.
he would do things totally differently, Trump says.
he would repeal regulations, and lead a wide-reaching tax reform with low rates for private individuals and companies.
conversely, Clinton says that the state has particular tasks to fulfil, giving disadvantaged people opportunities - and it needs money to do so.
this would increase taxes for the rich, she says.
interestingly, they have similar views on infrastructure.
there has to be investment in infrastructure, Trump and Clinton say almost verbatim.
the Democratic candidate has even announced the largest investment in jobs since the Second World War.
state programs investing in infrastructure are classic Democrat policies, and are rejected by the tea party wing of the Republican party, which is critical of the state.
consequently, Trump could lead to discussions within the party.
there are clearer differences to be seen in terms of energy and climate policies.
Trump wants to build coal-fired power stations and bring coal production in the USA back up.
drilling for oil should be permitted in protected areas, and he wants to withdraw from the Paris Climate Change Treaty.
on the other hand, Clinton wants to use her investment program to extend renewable energies, saying: "One country will become the superpower of renewable energies, and create millions of jobs."
"It will either be China, Germany or America - and I want it to be us."
but it's not just infrastructure that sees the two candidates taking a rather similar stance - they agree in terms of international trade agreements as well.
neither want to sign TTP, the trans-Pacific trade agreement.
at the same time, neither want to cut the USA off from international trade - they just want to protect American jobs better.
they should then also be better paid, Clinton demands.
the current minimum wage of 7.25 US dollars is a pittance, she says.
she wants to raise it to 15 dollars an hour.
it is not quite clear what Trump wants to do on this score: Once he said that the minimum wage had to be raised, then he said it should stay the same.
but the big discussion of the months to come will likely revolve around both parties' tax policies.
Trump is on one side, wanting to relieve the burden on the economy and citizens to boost growth.
his critics state that this will just increase the budgetary deficit.
Clinton is on the opposite side: as a minimum, she wants the rich to pay more taxes, and her critics say that more taxes are not the solution either.
seeking refuge: "Every refugee woman has dealt with sexual violence"
for women fleeing a country on their own, sexual violence is almost part of daily life.
when they arrive in Germany, they are often traumatised.
one house offers refuge.
four women are sitting in a large kitchen.
every one of them has a baby with them, the oldest of which is one year old.
one woman holds her little son in her arms.
he looks around the room inquisitively, his eyes wide.
his mother stares at the tabletop.
until she realises she's being watched.
she smiles briefly and kisses the child.
the scene looks normal.
until you start talking to Katrin Bahr.
she is the field manager for Condrobs, a provider of social assistance within Bavaria. One of the issues she deals with is refugee women.
the four women in the kitchen are refugees.
they live in the north of Munich, in one of the few decentralised accommodation centres in Bavaria for refugee women and their children who have made the journey alone.
Condrobs opened the centre in January, in collaboration with Pro Familia and the Munich Women's Help organisation.
it recently had its official opening.
60 people live there - around 40 women and 20 children.
there are no men - not even male visitors.
the exception is a bodyguard on the door.
"I'm not exaggerating when I say that every woman who arrives here has dealt with sexual violence on her way to find refuge," said Bahr.
"men flee because of war, because they are politically persecuted, because they are threatened with torture or death, or because their families pin their hopes on them and send them to Europe," she explains.
when women flee, other reasons are in the foreground: "Many women sneak away secretly, because they see no other way out."
in their home countries, they experienced sexual violence, forced marriage, honour killings, slavery or forced prostitution.
that propels them forward.
and it continues even while they're on the run.
"It is not a rare occurrence that traffickers request a sexual act in exchange for a bottle of water, for example," says Bahr.
and the woman are alone, unprotected by their families.
if you think that this stops as soon as they arrive in Germany, you'd be wrong, says Bahr.
even in Germany, lone women are often seen as inferior in refugee accommodation, and, in the worst cases, they are abused.
as a result, around 90 percent of the women living in accommodation in the north of Munich are traumatised, she estimates.
"some of the children were certainly not conceived with the woman's consent."
many women are so used to it that they do not say anything, she says.
"or they can't bring themselves to talk about what they experienced because they are too ashamed."
because they often don't know how to get help, there needs to be more accommodation just for them, says Bahr.
in Bavaria, the seven district governments are responsible for providing accommodation for refugees.
when asked if they knew of projects like the one in Munich operating within the areas they covered, some answered with "no."
in Upper Palatinate and Upper Franconia regions, for example, there is no similar accommodation offered by the government.
even in Swabia, women who come as lone refugees are not given separate accommodation, says Karl-Heinz Meyer, press spokesperson for the region.
in Upper Bavaria, Lower Franconia and Middle Franconia, floors, or individual houses, are set aside in some shared accommodation for lone women and their children.
the exception is Lower Bavaria: there, there are two central accommodation centres exclusively for women.
even the European Parliament's Committee on "Women's Rights and Gender Equality" stresses that women must be provided with accommodation separate from that of the men.
in a study published on behalf of the Committee, it was stated that "it is very important that men and women are given separate accommodation."
"If there is a lack of private space, or if men and women are provided with accommodation together, this can result in (perpetual) violence against women."
washing facilities, above all, should be separate, and easily accessible for women, according to the study.
the extent to which women need this protection can be seen in the sheer number of people interested in the house in Munich.
"Since word has got around that we exist, we have developed a long waiting list," says Bahr.
it would be easy to open a second house.
junior doctors strike: Calls for fresh industrial action
representatives of junior doctors have called on their union to authorise fresh industrial action in their dispute about a new contract.
the Junior Doctors Committee (JDC) of the British Medical Association (BMA) is to ask its full council to back more industrial action from early September.
the JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract.
junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA.
it was rejected by 58% of its members who voted in the ballot.
in a letter to members released on Twitter on Thursday night, the JDC's chair Ellen McCourt said the government had remained "persistently silent" on issues which, she said, had resulted in the contract being rejected.
she said: "In light of this, the JDC Executive has voted to reject the proposed new contract in full and to call for formal re-negotiations on all of your concerns."
in response to the government's silence, JDC exec has today made a formal request for a special meeting of BMA Council to authorise a rolling programme of escalated industrial action beginning in early September.
the dispute has led to junior doctors taking part in six strikes this year, including the first all-out stoppages in the history of the NHS.
the BMA's junior doctor leader, Dr Johann Malawana, resigned following the vote to reject the negotiated terms of the contract, which the BMA had recommended.
he had told BMA members the deal was a good one that should be accepted, during meetings ahead of the poll of 54,000 junior doctors and medical students.
following the vote, Health Secretary Jeremy Hunt said the contract would be imposed on medics in England.
Russia and Turkey: An 'alliance of misfits'?
it was a gesture that ended a crisis.
the leaders of Russia and Turkey met on Tuesday to shake hands and declare a formal end to an eight-month long war of words and economic sanctions.
but, as Vladimir Putin greeted his Turkish counterpart in the gilded hall of a St. Petersburg palace, I got the distinct impression that Ankara wants this reconciliation the most.
there was the handshake, yes.
but Mr Putin's smile looked thin and he was hardly oozing warmth even by his own restrained standards.
Recep Tayyip Erdogan by contrast talked repeatedly of his "dear friend" Mr Putin - five times, according to one report.
I lost count.
he also pledged that relations with Russia would return not just to their pre-crisis level, but even higher.
the next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened.
to me, his enthusiasm implied the opposite.
but a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia's leader has forgotten nothing.
in fact, the cause of the crisis was the first thing he mentioned in his opening comments: Turkey's shooting down of a Russian fighter plane on the Syrian border.
Moscow's reaction at the time was furious.
Mr Putin lashed out, accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back.
the offence was even greater, coming from a supposed friend.
rebuilding real trust will be hard, perhaps impossible.
Russian public opinion has also turned since November.
for months, state-controlled media conducted a staggering, all-out offensive against Ankara.
all of a sudden, it seemed like Turks were to blame for everything.
most serious were accusations from top officials that Mr Erdogan's own family has profited from an illegal trade in oil from areas of Syria controlled by the so-called Islamic State.
he's denied that emphatically.
but in St. Petersburg came the official message that it's time to move on.
after all, this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan.
Russia could claim a victory of sorts.
for Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear.
first and foremost, Erdogan needs all the friends he can get after he was nearly ousted from power last month in a failed coup.
repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him too.
there is also an economic motive.
Russian sanctions have hit hard - particularly the ban on charter flights, which usually carry several million Russian tourists to the Turkish coast each year.
the number has slumped by almost 90%.
as for Russia, tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume.
they're banking on a late-season rush to the Mediterranean.
and even this week, state TV has been predicting cheaper fruit and vegetables once Turkish agricultural imports are permitted again.
"Tourists that way, tomatoes back here," as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it.
but the visit also had additional political value for Moscow.
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover.
add to that its long-standing grudge at the snail's pace of talks to join the EU and step in Mr Putin - who is keen to capitalise on the chill and chip away at Turkey's ties with the West.
the Russian leader certainly won bonus points with Ankara for calling in support of the elected authorities after the attempted coup.
mind you, that's a given for Moscow which has its own deep-seated fear of regime change.
so the summit at this glitzy, seaside palace allowed Russia and Turkey to present what one analyst described to me as an "alliance of misfits": two countries that feel rejected and mistreated by the West, joining forces.
still, despite the public display of reconciliation, the two still have major differences.
the key one is Syria, where Moscow has recently been casting itself as peacemaker but where Russia and Turkey back opposite sides.
it could be telling that after almost three hours of initial talks, the two presidents told a press conference that they hadn't even touched on the topic.
Turkey's president deliberately avoided answering a question on their differences, while Mr Putin chose to underline them.
there is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground on Syria.
but after months of open hostility - and given the potential for utter disaster when Nato member Turkey shot down that Russian fighter jet - it is surely better that the two leaders are at least talking again.
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers outside Scotland
the brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role, according to the bank's chief executive.
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland.
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank's global ambitions.
it has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out.
during that time, brand strategists have used 'RBS' to protect other consumer finance brands.
it was backed with millions of pounds in sponsorship of international sport, from Six Nations rugby to Wimbledon champion Andy Murray.
but now, it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore.
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers, but will not be initialised.
in England and Wales, all RBS references, outside head office and the stock exchange listing, will be changed to NatWest.
the Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland.
there are other, smaller brands for private banking, which will get more prominence - Coutts, Adam & Co, Drummond, and Holt's Military Bank.
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness-shire.
he told BBC Scotland: "The RBS brand will end up becoming our investor brand and the one that our staff are employed with, because we are now becoming much more a bank of brands."
as the bank itself became a global brand, RBS became the global brand.
I'm now saying we no longer have global aspirations, we have local aspirations.
each one of those brands will stand for something quite different in their own communities, and our staff will work with customers under those brands.
RBS had already stated that it would not to continue its Six Nations sponsorship, and it has been raising the profile of different brands in its sports sponsorship.
"the time is right for us to move to the bank of brands, because underneath (we've been asking) how do we focus on making this a better bank for customers?" said the chief executive.
it would have been very cynical three years ago if we'd said we're going to be a great bank for customers and put those brands out there.
but with the work we've been doing, focussing on the customers needs, not our own, I think you're seeing a lot of change.
we can bring those brands back up again, so I think the time is right.
Frankie Dettori reaches 3,000 winners with victory at Newmarket on predilection
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3,000 wins
jockey Frankie Dettori secured his 3,000th British winner at Newmarket on Friday.
he brought up the landmark with his second winner of the night at his local track - on Predilection, trained by John Gosden.
the 45-year-old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing.
he follows Sir Gordon Richards, Doug Smith, Lester Piggott, Pat Eddery and Willie Carson.
three-time champion jockey Dettori, who earlier won on Ghayyar, said: "It's special."
I'm very emotional because my family are here as well
I'm very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago.
it's not a big meeting, it's not a Royal Ascot - it's a mundane Friday night with 20,000 people.
I'm relieved and very humble.
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in predilection after victory
two jockeys have reached the milestone in jump racing - champion jockey Richard Johnson and retired 20-time champion Sir Anthony McCoy, who had more than 4,300 victories in a record-breaking career.
Lester Piggott, nine-time Derby winner, 4,493 career wins
Frankie is one of the best jockeys of the modern era and it is no surprise he has reached this landmark so few have achieved before him.
he is stylish and strong, but it is his tactical Nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room.
he is a fantastic ambassador for racing, his enthusiasm and charisma have been drawing fans to the sport for years.
I said to Frankie a few weeks ago at Epsom he'd have ridden 6,000 winners if he wasn't just a weekend and big-race jockey!
seriously though, Frankie's been riding winners in the UK for the best part of 30 years which is great to see.
he's a lively character which is good for British racing but more than that, he's an incredible jockey.
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark flying dismount
from flying finishes to flying dismounts, Frankie Dettori has been the poster boy of British Flat racing for two decades.
it has been a rollercoaster ride.
stacks of big-race winners, including his famous 1996 'Magnificent Seven' at Ascot, but he also survived a plane crash and served a drugs ban.
three years ago he initially struggled when returning from that six-month suspension, but he showed formidable strength of character to defy the doubters and return to his best.
and he may not be done for some time - Dettori has previously said he would like to carry on competing until the age of 50, at least.
Russia's Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov
Russian President Vladimir Putin has unexpectedly dismissed his chief of staff Sergei Ivanov.
Mr Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin's trusted inner circle for many years.
the 63-year-old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues.
a statement from the Kremlin said that Mr Putin had "decreed to relieve Ivanov of his duties as head of the Russian presidential administration," but gave no reason.
Mr Ivanov's deputy since 2012, Anton Vaino, has been appointed as his successor.
Mr Vaino, 44, is a former diplomat.
born in the Estonian capital Tallinn in 1972, he graduated from the prestigious Moscow State Institute of International Relations (MGIMO) and served in the Tokyo embassy.
later he managed presidential protocol and government staff, the Kremlin website says (in Russian).
on being appointed, he told Mr Putin: "Thank you for your trust."
I think the administration's most important task is to support your activity as head of state in terms of drafting laws and control over how your instructions are implemented.
Mr Putin told a Russian TV station on Friday that Mr Ivanov had asked to leave the post, and recommended that Mr Vaino should replace him.
do the smiles convince?
this is a move that has mystified Moscow.
Sergei Ivanov has long been one of Vladimir Putin's closest allies and, like him, served in the Soviet security service, the KGB.
as chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country.
in a meeting with President Putin shown on state television both men claimed that the chief of staff was stepping down at his own request.
but despite the smiles for the cameras, few here are convinced - especially now, just before parliamentary elections.
so is this the fall-out from some kind of power struggle?
no-one knows yet.
but the official claim - that a man once touted as a potential president, suddenly wanted to run Russia's environmental policy - has been met with great scepticism.
in remarks to Mr Putin, quoted on the Kremlin website, Mr Ivanov said "it's true that in early 2012 I asked you, in a conversation, to entrust me with this very complicated post, even - you could say - troublesome post, for four years.
well, it turns out that I've been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months.
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2011.
he served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister.
he is a member of the Russian Security Council and a former member of the KGB state security service, like Mr Putin.
in the late 1990s, when Mr Putin was head of the Federal Security Service (FSB), which replaced the KGB, Mr Ivanov was appointed as his deputy.
when Mr Putin came to power, he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most.
it was once thought that Mr Ivanov might become president of Russia after Mr Putin's second term, as a third term for Mr Putin would have been unconstitutional.
but that post was taken by another close Putin ally, Dmitry Medvedev.
Mr Putin became prime minister, before returning to the presidency just three-and-a-half years later.
criminal Minds star Thomas Gibson sacked after hitting producer
Gibson was involved in a physical altercation on the set of the show in Los Angeles last month.
ABC studios and CBS Television Studios, which produce the series, announced his dismissal in a joint statement.
Gibson, who played Special Agent Aaron Hotchner, issued an apology on Thursday before his termination was announced.
there were creative differences on the set and a disagreement.
I regret that it occurred," he said in a statement.
details on how Gibson's character will be written out of the show, which follows a team of FBI agents, is expected to come at a later date, according to the ABC studios and CBS Television studios statement.
the 54-year-old, who previously starred on the sitcom dharma & Greg, had been on the show since its first season in 2005.
"I love Criminal Minds and have put my heart and soul into it for the last twelve years," Gibson said in a statement released on Friday.
I had hoped to see it through to the end, but that won't be possible now.
I would just like to say thank you to the writers, producers, actors, our amazing crew, and, most importantly, the best fans that a show could ever hope to have.
the show is slated to return for its twelfth season on 28 September.
mystery as fish land in Banff garden
a Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff.
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout.
Mr Bain, who lives about 500m from the sea, posted footage of the spectacle on Periscope in the hope someone could shed light on the appearance of the two-inch fish.
Queensferry Crossing: Bridge now connected to Fife
the £1.35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017
engineers have joined the Queensferry Crossing's north deck and Viaduct - meaning the bridge is now connected to Fife.
it is the first of four closures between the "deck fans," which are now nearing completion around each of the bridge's three towers.
the bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes.
it has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay-cables.
the £1.35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017.
economy Secretary Keith Brown visited the site today and was among the first to walk from the land on to the bridge.
he said: "This is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry crossing.
we're all witnessing engineering on a truly epic scale on this project, with over 30,000 tonnes of concrete and steel used just to build this part of the bridge.
despite the massive size and weight of the bridge completing the closure between the Viaduct and bridge deck is a delicate operation involving extremely precise tolerances for fit up.
overall, nearly 79% of the total bridge deck is now in place, the final section of deck is having its concrete deck cast in Rosyth today, meaning all the deck is ready to be lifted into place on the bridge.
Michael Martin, Forth Crossing Bridge Constructors project director said: "The first closure on any bridge project is always a significant milestone.
on this fantastic project, this closure represents leading edge civil engineering.
after installing the last road deck section and connecting it to the expanding North Tower road deck, we then had to close the remaining gap on the north - or landward - side.
this was done by pulling the northern approach Viaduct 700 millimetres southwards.
this was a massive and, at the same time, very delicate operation.
massive because the Viaduct is 222 metres long, weighs approximately 6,000 tonnes and had to be pulled up a gradient of about 3%.
delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny - just a few millimetres either way.
happily, it all went very well.
Moelfre Bay rescue: Three men are 'lucky to be alive'
three men are "lucky to be alive" after they were thrown from their fishing boat off Anglesey.
Moelfre RNLI lifeboat station raised the alarm at 13:20 BST on Friday after a crew saw the incident unfold in Moelfre Bay.
the three men struggled to swim to safety while their boat continued under its own power.
"We saw their boat circling close to them and imagined the worst," said Moelfre lifeboat helm Vince Jones.
"Fortunately, by the time we had launched, the strong winds had blown it clear of them," he added.
two of the men were rescued by a local fishing boat, while the third man, aged 60, was found exhausted and clinging to a buoy without a lifejacket.
they were all taken on board the inshore lifeboat and brought back to the lifeboat station
Mr Jones said: "The three men thrown in the water are lucky to be alive and completely uninjured.
the boat's engine had an emergency kill cord but it had somehow come detached from the person driving the boat when it capsized.
someone was watching over these guys today.
seriously injured - man stabs his ex-girlfriend
a man has attacked his ex-girlfriend with a knife in Hamburg's Harburg district, and seriously injured her.
as the police reported yesterday, the 50-year-old had got the key to the apartment so he could collect his personal belongings.
instead, the drunk attacker sliced up his ex-girlfriend's clothes.
when she came home, he stabbed her twice.
the 44-year-old suffered injuries to her hand and body.
the police managed to arrest the perpetrator.
while the 50-year-old man was destroying his ex-girlfriend's clothing, he called his mother.
she then called his sister.
the 45-year-old and her partner wanted to calm down her brother.
however, she couldn't get him to leave the apartment.
consequently, she set off from home with her partner.
they met the man's ex-partner in the street.
as the two women entered the apartment, the 50-year-old pushed his sister to one side, and attacked his ex-girlfriend.
who is going to build Braunschweig's low-cost housing?
the SPD and the Greens think that investors should step up to the plate much more in the future.
how to react to the bad news that Braunschweig will lose almost 1300 low-cost homes over the next few years?
at the next council meeting, the SPD is going to put forward an "action plan for homes."
but it won't be smooth sailing.
Firstly, there is the question of who is actually going to build the low-cost homes?
so far, no settlement has been reached on this point.
SPD group chairman, Christoph Bratmann, says: "We agree with the Greens: if you want to build on municipal land, you will have to designate 20 percent of all homes as social housing in the future."
the low-cost homes could also be older homes that are renovated.
however, the main issue for the council, according to Bratmann: "How do we handle investors who want to build on private ground?"
we want investors building on those spaces to keep at least 10 percent, but if possible, 20 percent, of homes as social housing."
a new municipal programme to promote the construction of homes, which will cost millions, and which still needs to be financed, will trigger concerns.
the problem, according to Bratmann: "At the moment, there is no agreement between groups."
the CDU wants to put as few rules on investors as possible.
the Left wants more stringent requirements to be imposed on investors.
despite that, according to Bratman, the situation in terms of the housing market is also hotting up.
if the action plan is implemented, the building authorities will be faced with additional tasks.
more staff will be needed.
it is not clear if we will get the specialist staff.
but the program is not quite complete: because the approximately 1260 new homes are to be built anyway.
but how do you balance out the loss of an additional 1300 low-cost homes (approximately), the grants for which will run out over the next few years?
this will come to 500 homes even by 2020.
to prevent this, according to Nicole palm, spokeswoman for planning policy, bonds that are about to mature should be purchased by the municipality.
in addition, thought must be given to putting homes back into a price maintenance scenario.
this is possible in the west of the city.
the problem could be solved in one fell swoop.
this is because deadlines expire at the end of the year in the west of the city.
around 1800 homes could then be moved into the managed price scheme for affordable housing.
the only problem is that their owners, housing companies, are against it.
this would dramatically increase the amount of affordable housing in the west of the city, taking a step back from the target of "blending."
no longer are socially disadvantaged people to be concentrated in a small number of districts.
the Greens think there's still room for manoeuvre in the discussions.
group chairman Holger Herlitschke thinks that "the CDU will have to get into bed with us to reach a decent majority."
however, they have focused on providing more building sites for detached homes.
but that does not mean that it will be impossible to reach a compromise.
Pokémon Go a worthy hunt for health and happiness
it is fascinating to see how the world turns.
that teenagers and children do not get outside to play any more, preferring to spend their free time looking at screens, has been the lament of many for the the past decade.
Pokemon Go is getting people off the couch and into some activity.
screen time was initially limited to the television then video games and more recently smartphones.
so it is great to see that technology and being active outdoors are not mutually exclusive.
I am of course referring to the craze that is Pokémon go, an app based on the characters first created for video games in the 1990s (it later spawned a cartoon series, playing cards and other spin offs).
like many pop cultural phenomena it had gone off the boil somewhat before this new game was made available in the US, Australia and New Zealand in early July.
the launch in other countries was then delayed by the massive response, which overloaded servers.
within days, Pokémon Go had more users than tinder and nearly as many as Twitter.
so how does it work?
in a nutshell, players on smartphones go out looking for Pokémons, which are tracked with a GPS and, once found, can be 'photographed' (via a screenshot on your phone) or 'captured'.
a generation who played the game when younger have joined the craze, jumping off the couch for the search.
in the US, the game has led to a significant increase in the number of steps taken by the "average" person each day.
Cardiogram, an app for the Apple Watch that tracks 35,000 users, told the Washington Post recently that within two days of the game launching, the number of people it tracked who did 30 minutes of exercise each day jumped from 45 per cent to 53 per cent.
the company does not know who is playing Pokémon Go - it just sees raw data on exercise levels.
many public health campaigns to get people to "find 30," "get off the couch" and "be active everyday" have fallen on deaf ears because most public health messages are boring and delivered by people who look miserable.
yet the importance of exercise cannot be understated.
those who exercise regularly reduce their chances of getting cancer or depression.
activity helps with weight management, high blood pressure, diabetes and a long list of benefits too long to list here.
but the beauty of Pokémon Go is it gets people outside doing something they enjoy.
thus you are covering three pillars of health - movement, fresh air and sunshine, and fun.
some people are even making new friends on the hunt.
as usual there are po-faced killjoys looking for something to complain about.
and yes somebody might walk into a door.
so what?
a breakthrough has occurred.
for while smartphone apps like Fitbit could previously track our activity, they didn't give us a reason to exercise like this game does.
the novelty will wear off and use will subside in due course.
however because of Pokmeon's success there will be more games that combine apps and virtual reality with being active in the real world, helping many people on the hunt to be more active, fitter and healthier.
read Dr Joe's blogs at www.drjoetoday.com
Simone Biles nails all-around gold in women's gymnastics
forget the pressure.
forget the hype.
Simone Biles is immune to all of it.
dynamic on vault.
effortless on beam.
Jaw-dropping on floor.
brilliant all over.
and now, finally, an Olympic champion.
the 19-year-old American gymnast soared to the all-around title on Thursday, putting the gap between herself and the rest of the world on full display under the Olympic spotlight.
her total of 62.198 was well clear of silver medalist and "Final Five" teammate Aly Raisman and Russian bronze medalist Aliya Mustafina.
United States' Simone Biles performs on the balance beam during the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday.
Biles became the fourth straight American woman to win the all-around title and fifth overall while cementing her reputation as the best of her generation and perhaps ever.
she burst into tears when her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended.
the achievement puts her in the same league as once-in-a-generation athletes like Michael Phelps who have taken their sports to new heights:
Biles has spent the last three years dominating her sport, winning 15 world championship medals - including 10 gold - with routines so astonishing in their mix of ambition and precision that 1984 Olympic champion Mary Lou Retton called her "the greatest gymnast I've ever seen."
one last test awaited in Brazil, a contest not so much between Biles and the rest of the field but between herself and the burden of oversized expectations.
anything less than heading back to her family's home in Spring, Texas, with a fistful of golds would be seen as a disappointment.
United States' Simone Biles, left, and Aly Raisman embrace after winning gold and silver respectively for the artistic gymnastics women's individual all-around final at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, Thursday, Aug.
Biles earned the first one on Tuesday while serving as the exclamation point to retiring national team coordinator Martha Karolyi's going away party.
while Biles insisted she's never looked ahead during her long run at the top, that's not exactly true.
a portion of her floor exercise routine - the one that includes her signature tumbling pass - is set to Latin music that would fit right at home in the street right outside the Rio Olympic Arena.
it's not a coincidence.
the girl adopted by her grandparents as a toddler and discovered by coach Aimee Boorman's mother during a field trip to the gym where Boorman was coaching has become a force.
she hasn't lost an all-around competition since the summer of 2013, a winning streak that should go for as long as Biles wants it to.
though Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations, it was a mirage.
balance beam and floor exercise - where Biles is the defending world champion - lay in wait.
she went back in front with a 15.433 on beam - and capped it with a 15.933 on floor.
Raisman hugged her gently as they awaited the final score - a mere formality - and tears appeared around Biles' glittery red, white and blue eyeliner when the vision she once wrote in a scrapbook became a reality.
Raisman's performance was a bit of revenge from four years ago, when she tied for third but lost the bronze to Mustafina on a tiebreaker.
this time, the 22-year-old team captain the Americans call "grandma" was well ahead.
she blew kisses to the crowd after her floor exercise, overcome by a comeback that at times seemed in doubt.
as for Biles, the 19-year-old's viral tweet from earlier this week now carries a whole new meaning:
police: 3 victims in serial killer case shot while listening to music in car
two women and a 12-year-old girl who died in the deadliest attack in Phoenix's first serial killer case in a decade were sitting in a car talking and listening to music when they were shot, according to police reports released Thursday.
Angela Rochelle Liner, Stefanie R. Ellis and Ellis' daughter Maleah were shot on June 12 while the car was parked in a driveway, authorities said.
the gunman fired as many as eight shots from a handgun while standing on the passenger side of the car then fled in another vehicle, the report states.
police say the triple killing doesn't appear to have been the result of a robbery because the attacker didn't take purses or $2,900 in the possession of one of the adult victims.
Phoenix police spokesman Sgt. Jonathan Howard said the shooting prompted investigators to look at whether it was tied to four earlier attacks.
in all, seven people have been killed and two others wounded in nine attacks in two predominantly Hispanic neighborhoods over a four-month period.
"It's occurring within a residential area in front of a home," Howard said to CBS affiliate KPHO earlier this month.
the suspect is believed to have used several vehicles, including as a late-1990s brown Nissan, a late-1990s black BMW and a white Cadillac or Lincoln.
investigators have declined to reveal the evidence that led them to conclude the attacks are related and committed by the same killer.
Ellis, 33, was hospitalized for her injuries and later died.
Liner, 31, and Ellis' daughter Maleah died at the scene.
a witness told police that it wasn't unusual for them to sit in a parked car listening to music.
authorities also released a police report on a shooting that targeted an unoccupied pickup truck just a half-hour before the triple killing and is believed to have been the work of the serial killer.
investigators found bullet casings and recovered a bullet from a seat and bullet fragments from the engine compartment.
mother of 6-year-old with microcephaly: "It gets better"
like most six-year-olds, Edmund Picciuto loves singing, toys and, of course, his mother.
but unlike most of his peers, Edmund has microcephaly, the result of a genetic disorder his mom Elizabeth Picciuto didn't know about while pregnant.
when he first came home my initial thought was, I can't do this.
I can't do this.
I didn't sign up for this.
which is not true at all -- of course you sign up for it," she said.
she and her husband, Vincent, were told Edmund might never recognize them, and that he might not even survive.
some doctors went as far as suggesting he be institutionalized.
"My first response was 'I didn't think people did that anymore,'" Picciuto explained.
Edmund walks with the help of a Walker.
Edmund didn't sit up or crawl until he was three, and he still doesn't talk.
but he's slowly meeting some milestones.
he's walking with help, and riding a bike.
he also loves playing with his two brothers, and singing.
Elizabeth demonstrates the sign language Edmund made up for "please sing to me."
"We're teaching him sign language," Picciuto told CBS News.
but it's not just typical sign language -- she says Edmund has invented some of his own signs.
microcephaly can arise from a number of different conditions: genetic ones like Edmund's, and infections during pregnancy from viruses like measles and Zika.
symptoms and prognosis can vary widely.
it's too early to tell how it will affect the lives of those infected with Zika.
Picciuto remembers the emotional toll of an uncertain future.
I kept saying, what's going to happen?
what's going to happen?
and she still doesn't really know.
I actually haven't asked for a prognosis in forever, because I don't expect anyone to really be able to tell me.
but Picciuto has hopeful advice for the mothers of babies with birth defects from Zika.
it gets better.
you know it will get better for you.
you will love your child, and your child will love you.
heavy rain, flooding prompts rescues in Louisiana, Mississippi
heavy rain and widespread flooding in Louisiana lead the governor to declare a state of emergency on Friday, with more rain expected over the state through Saturday.
numerous rivers in southeast Louisiana and southern Mississippi were overflowing their banks and threatening widespread flooding after extreme rainfall, the National Weather Service reported.
Louisiana Gov. John Bel Edwards said state officials are in constant contact with local officials, and assistance is already on the move to affected parishes.
Mike Steele, a spokesman for the Governor's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency preparedness, said requests were coming in for high-water vehicles, boats and sandbags.
Steele said Tangipahoa Parish alone requested tens of thousands of sandbags.
a flood watch remains in effect until Saturday across most of south Louisiana.
the weather service said in a statement that an additional 3 to 5 inches could fall over the area.
in south Alabama, a flood watch was in effect Friday as rain continued in the Mobile area.
the Comite River near Baton Rouge and Amite River near Denham Springs, both in Louisiana, were predicted to set record crests over the weekend.
forecaster Alek Krautmann said both rivers could flood many houses in suburban areas near Baton Rouge.
he also said that flooding downstream in ascension Parish is a threat, as those swollen rivers will be slow to drain into Lake Maurepas.
the Tickfaw River, just south of the Mississippi state line in Liverpool, Louisiana, was already at the highest level ever recorded at 9 a.m. Friday.
rescuers were still plucking people from floodwaters in Amite and Wilkinson counties in southwest Mississippi.
Leroy Hansford, his wife and stepson were among those rescued earlier Friday near Gloster.
Hansford, 62, says waters from Beaver Creek, which is normally more than 400 feet away from his house, rose quickly overnight.
he said another stepson who lives nearby alerted him.
"We woke up and the water kept on coming," Hansford said.
it came up to my waist.
his wife told Hansford that it's the highest she's seen the creek in the 48 years she's lived there.
Hansford said he and his family members all have disabilities, and he's the only one who can swim.
Hansford said emergency workers rescued all three in a large military-style truck and took them to the fire station in Gloster, where they were sheltering Friday.
Krautmann says flooding is "quickly becoming widespread" as heavy rains continue, saying officials are considering evacuation orders.
Krautmann says one observer near Livingston reported 13.75 inches of rain from midnight to Friday morning.
Krautmann said the ground was heavily saturated by rainfall since Wednesday.
heavy rain and street flooding prompted the rescue of residents from their homes in Tangipahoa Parish and the cancellation of classes in five school districts, authorities said.
CBS affiliate WWL reports that an alderwoman in Tangipahoa said 200 homes flooded.
residents had been evacuated to two churches but both are now flooding.
parish President Robby Miller said authorities rescued 72 people and seven pets stranded by high water.
shelters have been opened in the town of Amite and the city of Hammond to house those who were evacuated.
"They will be allowed to return home once the water starts to recede," he said.
in the Tangipahoa Parish city of Hammond, close to two dozen streets were closed because of high water, and sandbags were made available for pickup by residents hoping to keep water out of homes and businesses.
"the last major flood we had was in March," said city administrator Lacy Landrum.
this one is on track to be a similar event.
in Mississippi, Harrison County Emergency Manager Rupert Lacy said steady rain continued on the Gulf Coast.
he said a handful of houses were reported as flooded Thursday, but none have been reported so far Friday.
Keith Townson, manager of shopper Value Foods in Amite, has lived in the area for 40 years.
"I've seen water in some places I have never seen before," Townson said, "and it's still coming down."
Mahaj Brown, 6, "riddled with bullets," survives Philadelphia shooting
police say a 6-year-old boy has been shot in Philadelphia, marking the second shooting of a 6-year-old in the city this week.
the child's grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown.
the grandparents say Brown suffered multiple gunshot wounds, including in his groin, leg, arm and abdomen, but was awake when he was transported to the hospital.
"He just took a lot, his little body was riddled with bullets," his grandmother DeLores Melendez tells the station.
I just can't believe it.
the boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries.
family tells the station he is expected to recover.
he was set to start first grade at a local elementary school.
Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown section.
also shot were three men: two 29-year-olds and one 32-year old.
one of the 29-year-old men was reported in critical condition; the other two victims were listed in stable condition, according to CBS Philadelphia.
the child was found shot in the front seat of a car along with the 29-year-old in critical condition, the station reports.
the other two victims were not in the car and police are investigating whether any of the wounded men could be a shooter.
investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen.
assault weapon-style shell casings, traced to different assault style weapons, littered the scene.
it appears that this was definitely an ongoing battle.
there were casings in the street, on both sides of the sidewalk.
so it appears that there were multiple armed combatants out here and that they were actively engaged," Philadelphia police Captain Anthony Ginaldi told the station.
multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also struck.
no arrests have been made and police are reportedly reviewing surveillance video.
another 6-year-old, a girl, was hit in her arm by a stray bullet Tuesday while playing in front of her home in the West Oak Lane neighborhood.
she is recovering, and police are still searching for a suspect.
why we need Simone, Gabby and Laurie
that's what I call this year's Women's Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one.
first, I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant.
and second: This team features three gymnasts, Simone Biles, Gabby Douglas and Lauren "Laurie" Hernandez, who have been inspiring so many young girls of color.
the make-up of this team, rounded out by Aly Raisman, who is Jewish, and Madison Kocian, who is Catholic, is making everyone proud.
this team looks, finally, like America.
it also has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport.
for the past four years, the number one female gymnast has been African-American.
last year, Simone and Gabby were #1 and #2.
this is powerful.
last Olympics, Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion, and America cheered.
now the world has been able to witness the incredible performances of three-time World Champion Simone Biles, Douglas and Laurie Hernandez delivering the unexpected, yet masterful gymnastics routines.
on Thursday, Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women's individual all-around event.
and teammate Aly Raisman earned silver.
we are witnessing the top of the sport, but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country.
Simone, Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team.
they are the "Final Five" because the next Olympic gymnastics team will only have four gymnasts on the team, and this is Marta Karolyi's last year coaching.
but the reality is that gymnastics is an expensive sport, and gymnasts primarily train in private gymnastics clubs that are maintained by parents paying the cost of the training, facility, travel, uniforms, competition fees, hotel fees (for the coaches and their gymnasts and families) and the list goes on.
most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business.
these clubs are where the gymnasts get all of their training, and it's a costly and long-term commitment for the gymnasts' families.
Aimee Boorman, coach of Simone Biles, and Maggie Haney, coach of Laurie Hernandez, have both coached their athletes since they started in gymnastics.
we must bring more affordable and accessible gymnastics training to the communities of countless young girls who are inspired by Simone, Gabby and Laurie.
I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago.
at my organizations, we have provided free and low-cost gymnastics, based in Harlem, for over 15,000 urban youth (primarily black and Hispanic) and have trained national and international champions.
in September, we will be expanding to Detroit (my hometown) to provide high quality gymnastics to the youth that deserve the opportunity to learn and benefit from this great Olympic sport.
gymnastics develops strength, flexibility and coordination for the body and hard work, discipline and determination for the mind.
this combination provides life-long benefits for good health, success in school and work.
it is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great.
to participate in sport is so important, especially for girls.
this is such an exciting time.
thank you Simone, Aly, Laurie, Gabby and Madison for that serious showcase of "Girl Power" in winning the Olympic team gold and for motivating so many young girls of all backgrounds to begin their path to be healthy, strong and successful young women.
junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt's proposal
ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials, but 58 per cent of the 37,000 junior doctors who took part in a ballot had rejected it.
in July, Mr Hunt revealed plans to impose the contract saying the NHS was in "no man's land" and any further delay would be damaging for staff and patients.
the first junior doctors are moved onto the new contract, which includes changes to overnight and weekend working practices to improve care at unsociable hours.
Dr Ellen McCourt, the BMA's junior doctors" committee chair, said in a statement last night: "Junior doctors still have serious concerns about the proposed contract, particularly that it will fuel the current workforce crisis, and that it fails to treat all doctors fairly."
with just eight weeks before the first group of doctors are moved onto the new contract, progress needs to be made and time is running out.
efforts by the BMA to resolve the dispute through talks have been met with an unwillingness to engage and, at times, deafening silence from the government.
this is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open.
"Jeremy Hunt needs to act now, lift the imposition and address junior doctors" concerns.
if he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action.
the last strike at the end of April saw the postponement of nearly 13,000 routine operations and 100,000 appointments as nurses and consultants were drafted in to provide cover for doctors on the picket line.
ministers had hoped to end the dispute over the changes by agreeing to a reformed contract with British Medical Association officials.
the BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54,000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract.
Daniel Mortimer, chief executive of NHS Employers, called on junior doctors not to go ahead with any strikes.
Mr Mortimer said: "industrial action achieves little or nothing, but places pressure on already stretched teams and services and causes worry, distress and disruption for patients, carers and their families."
over the last two months we have been talking with the Junior Doctors Committee and have, along with the Department of Health and others, responded positively to their concerns regarding the Guardian Role and Whistleblowing.
employers were hopeful that the continued positive engagement on other important topics - such as deployment, flexibility in training, additional training for those returning from career breaks, costs of training, mutual recognition of syllabus, study leave and the gender pay gap in medicine - were a sign of how serious employers, Health Education England and the Department of Health were about honouring the agreements reached with the BMA in November, February and May.
the £2-a-day drug that can cut heart attack threat
thousands of heart attack patients are to benefit from a £2-a-day drug, after officials recommended it be given to more people for longer.
Anti-clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease.
the drug is already given for 12 months after a heart attack, reducing the risk of a stroke or another attack.
NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
but now NHS watchdog NICE has advised that it should be given to people for four years, to further reduce the risk of cardiovascular problems.
some 140,000 people have a heart attack in England every year, and a quarter of these go on to have another attack or a stroke.
heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build-up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque.
if the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot, blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack.
and if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain, causing a stroke.
people who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another.
Ticagrelor, which is made by UK firm AstraZeneca and sold under the trade name Brilique, reduces this risk by making clots less likely.
the draft NICE guidance, published today, recommends that people be given 90 mg of ticagrelor for 12 months, followed by 60mg along with aspirin twice a day for another three years.
professor Carole Longson, director at the NICE health technology evaluation centre, said: "Despite the availability of effective secondary prevention treatments, as many as a quarter of people who have had a heart attack go on to have another heart attack or stroke - often with devastating consequences."
fear of a recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person's quality of life.
the evidence shows that ticagrelor, in combination with aspirin, is effective at reducing the risk of further heart attacks and strokes in people who have already had a heart attack.
in provisionally recommending ticagrelor we are pleased to be able to increase the treatment options available to the many thousands of people who stand to benefit from it.
because information on the efficacy and safety of ticagrelor - particularly the risk of bleeding - beyond three years is limited, the draft guidance does not recommend treatment with it beyond that period.
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish
Ex-Tower Hamlets mayor Lutfur Rahman was removed from office last year for corruption, prompting the government report
a culture of political correctness has led to a blind eye being turned to widespread voting fraud in Muslim communities, a devastating government report reveals today.
ex-cabinet minister Sir Eric Pickles lambasts the police, election watchdogs and town halls for ignoring evidence of electoral abuse because of "over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion."
the former communities secretary, now the anti-corruption tsar, said the intimidation of voters on religious grounds was so bad that police should be allowed to put cordons outside polling stations to protect frightened voters.
he recommends that voters should have to take ID to prove who they are when they vote.
currently, a voter merely has to state their name and address.
the report even suggests putting indelible ink on a person's fingers as they cast their ballot to prevent anyone being able to vote twice.
greater protection should be given to whistleblowers, Sir Eric says.
he calls for the Press to be given greater access to council papers and decisions taken by unofficial committees or working groups.
"This is not solely to protect against electoral fraud, but to protect local government from the broader culture of corruption and financial fraud that goes hand in hand with it," he said.
the report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London.
last year a special election court ruled the sitting mayor, Lutfur Rahman, should be removed from office following a litany of corrupt and illegal practices.
the court found Rahman "cynically perverted" the religious feeling of his Muslim community and silenced his critics with accusations of racism and Islamophobia.
Rahman, it was said, "ran his campaign on the basis that it was the religious duty of faithful Muslims to vote for him."
up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation, where a person votes while posing as someone else.
Sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country.
he voiced particular alarm about postal voting fraud - in which senior members of the Muslim community were said to have exerted pressure on people to vote for a candidate of their choosing.
Sir Eric, pictured, made several recommendations to clean up the voting system including bringing your ID to prove who you are
his report says: "evidence was presented of pressure being put on vulnerable members of some ethnic minority communities, particularly women and young people, to vote according to the will of the elders, especially in communities of Pakistani and Bangladeshi background.
"There were concerns that... state institutions had turned a blind eye to such behaviour because of "politically correct" over-sensitivities about ethnicity and religion."
Sir Eric made 50 recommendations to clean up the system, including banning political activists from handling postal ballot papers to stop "vote harvesting."
the report, being considered by Theresa May, also calls for tougher checks on registration to prevent the electoral register being used for immigration and benefit fraud.
consider the options for requiring voters to produce ID before voting.
use indelible ink on a person's fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice.
carry out systematic checks on a person's nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote.
put a three-year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote.
ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes.
give police powers to set up cordons around polling stations.
change the law to make it easier to charge people with intimidation under the Representation of the People Act 1983.
make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations.
make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations (except in Wales).
strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the booth alone.
Sir Eric savages the Metropolitan Police, saying it is "astonishing" that no criminal charges were brought after the Tower Hamlets case.
"the election court disqualified Lutfur Rahman and his agent for a litany of corrupt and illegal practices," he said.
he was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt - to a criminal standard of proof - on a series of grounds.
he also criticises the ineffectual "tick-box inspections" of town hall electoral registration departments.
Sir Eric said: "Last year's court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake-up call.
our nation has a proud heritage as the mother of parliaments, yet the worrying and covert spread of electoral fraud and state of denial by some bodies threatens that good reputation.
crazy for Kate's cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians
fans of the Rio 2016 Olympics this week have gone wild for French cyclist Pauline Ferrand-Prevot, who has proven an impressive lookalike for the Duchess of Cambridge.
but the 24-year-old Olympian is far from the only athlete out fighting for gold this summer that boasts their own celebrity doppelganger - at least not according to social media.
so, in honor of the Rio Games and all the famous faces crossing our screens at the moment, FEMAIL have compiled a list of Olympians who bear more than a passing resemblance with Hollywood celebs.
the hunter and the wolf: U.S. Men's archery Team member Brady Ellison, left, has been compared to Leonardo DiCaprio since he was a kid
aside from Kate's doppelganger on the cycling track, many people online have been quick to point out how a certain archer could be the twin of A-lister Leonardo DiCaprio.
U.S. Men's archery Team member Brady Ellison has caused a storm on Twitter after images of him looking eerily similar to the Wolf of Wall Street star surfaced.
and in fact, the archer became aware of the social media frenzy and admitted that he has been hearing that he looks like Leo since he was a kid.
'I personally don't see a huge resemblance, maybe besides the facial hair,' Brady told Huffington Post.
'He is a good-looking dude so I guess it's a compliment.'
one of the most popular comparisons from London 2012 is undoubtedly going to be pointed out even more this year: the striking likeness between British long jumper Greg Rutherford and popular actor Neil Patrick Harris.
Russian gymnast Aliya Mustafina, with her large, expressive eyes, has been said to be a dead ringer for Cuban-American singer Gloria Estefan.
and over in the pool, South African swimmer Cameron van der Burgh has been getting compared to glee star Matthew Morrison for years now.
changing it up: This user reckons that Nathan is an 'athletic version' of the inception actor
another long-running comparison has been between tennis star Rafael Nadal and actor Josh Hartnett who boast a similar heavy brow and lips.
silver medal swimmer Russia's Yulia Efimova boasts more than just the same sunkissed skin and blonde hair as actress Annalynne McCord, while Team USA's Nathan Adrian has been said by fans to resemble an 'athletic version of Joseph Gorgon Levitt.'
tough women: Soccer star Hope Solo, left, and Dexter actress Jennifer carpenter, right, have similar face shapes and eyes
not the only one: One Twitter user was very pleased that others also saw the similaritiest
floating a theory: According to this user, perhaps there is a reason behind the pair's similar looks
one Twitter user took to the site recently to declare her happiness that 'the rest of the internet thinks that Hope solo and Jennifer carpenter are actually identical.'
indeed, the USA soccer star and the Dexter actress share incredibly similar face shapes and eyes.
other popular comparisons have included Kerri Walsh-Jennings and her smile that is near-identical to that of actress Laura Linney, as well as gold medal-winning gymnast Gabby Douglas, who boasts her own beautifully broad smile that matches that of Bring It On star Gabrielle Union.
CBC Olympics commentator apologizes for saying Chinese swimmer 'died like a pig'
Byron MacDonald's analysis of 14-year-old Ai Yanhan's fourth place finish at the women's 4x200m freestyle relay outraged viewers of CBC's live Olympic coverage on Wednesday
Canadian broadcaster CBC has been forced to apologize after one of its commentators said a 14-year-old female Chinese swimmer 'went out like stink' and 'died like a pig' during a race.
commentator Byron MacDonald thought his mic was turned off when he started to dispense some of his own opinions at the end of the women's 4x200m freestyle relay final.
MacDonald, who was brought on board CBC's commentary team to provide 'color' could be heard saying: 'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby'.
too excited, went out like stink, died like a pig.
thanks for that.
Chinese swimmer Ai Yanhan, 14, swam the second leg of the relay in 1:57.79 - 1.61 seconds slower than Canada's Taylor Ruck, allowing the Canadians to close the gap on China.
viewers across Canada were quick to react online after being shocked by the tone and the language used
Emmett Macfarlane tweeted, "did the CBC announcer just say the 14-year-old swimmer from China 'died like a pig'"????
the idiot didn't realize they were still on the air.'
AI Yanhan of China in the Women's 4 x 200m Freestyle relay Final was described as: 'That little 14-year-old from China dropped the ball, baby.'
criticism on Twitter came thick and fast against Byron MacDonald with many calling him out
Twitter users did not hold back when the heard how insensitive Byron Macdonlad was being
another twitter user, Sarah Paradis, wrote: 'Wow #ByronMacDonald.
you represent the CBC and Canada and make us all sound like a bunch of racists. #disgusted.
soon after, Scott Russel who was hosting CBC's broadcast apologized on-air for MacDonald's comment, saying: 'We apologize the comment on a swim performance made it to air.'
it was an unfortunate choice of words, we're sorry it happened.'
CBC ended up apologizing more than 90 times to people who had tweeted in response to the remark
fellow commentator, Scott Russel, had to make an apology on MacDonald's behalf
CBC then copied and pasted their apology to more than 90 other twitter users who complained about MacDonald's comments
the network was also quick to apologize and released a statement.
we sincerely regret that these statements were made, and that they were allowed to go to air.
we moved quickly last night to apologize to our viewers on-air and to our followers on Social media.
to be clear, Byron's comments were related to the swimmer's performance, not to her as an individual.
that said, they were inappropriate and an unfortunate choice of words and Byron is very sorry for what he said.
on Thursday afternoon, MacDonald apologized on-air and attempted to qualify his remark by stating he didn't mean for it to be construed as a personal attack.
'I would like to take a moment to apologize for a comment that I made last night after the women's relay,' he said on CBC's Olympic broadcast.'
'I was referring to a swimmer's performance, and not to them as a person.'
'Needless to say, there was no disrespect intended and I'm very sorry.'
Primark shopper outraged at woman who brazenly tried on underwear in the middle of the shop
shoppers didn't know where to look when a woman stripped off to try on knickers on the shop floor in the middle of a Primark.
to make it even worse, she sized up how she looked in them, peeled them off and put them back on the shelf.
she carried on browsing and eventually tried on four pairs of underwear at the store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone.
the Primark store in Bouverie Place shopping centre, Folkestone, where the woman tried on knickers before putting them back on the shelf
a mother-of-two, Jenny Davidson, who was in the shop at the time, said after trying on the underwear the mystery woman 'got dressed again and walked out of the store without buying anything.'
she said: 'people couldn't believe what they were seeing.'
standing in the middle of the shop floor, she took a pair of knickers from the display, stripped off her own tights and pants and put them on.
'she didn't try to find anywhere discreet to do it - she just stood there, bold as brass.'
'Everyone was staring as she took the knickers off again and obviously didn't like them because she put them back on the shelf.'
she did the same with three more pairs before finally deciding there was nothing she liked and she got dressed again and walked out.
'she didn't seem to care who was watching - or think about the person who would eventually buy the knickers she'd been trying on.'
MS Davidson, 33, who lives in the Kent town, said: 'How disgusting to think someone is going to take home knickers that another person has been wearing and they haven't been cleaned.'
the incident happened on Tuesday afternoon.
MS Davidson added: 'I gather the staff apparently tried to remove the garments from sale after she had left - which is just as well.'
'I'd hate to get home with a new pair of knickers and find another woman had put them on and taken them off again, and they hadn't been washed.'
a Primark spokesman said: 'Primark is aware of an incident which took place in our Folkestone store on Tuesday August 9.'
all the product in question has been removed from sale.
how to defend yourself from gun attacks using Krav Maga
it's a dangerous world out there, but this video from Dailymail.com might help make it a little safer for you.
we spoke to Rhon Mizrachi, New York-based grandmaster of the Krav Maga Federation, to find out how to deal with gun-toting muggers at close range.
whether you're approached from in front or behind, this video will show you how to turn the tables on your mugger.
if approached from behind, Mizrachi says, the first thing to do is turn around, so that you can see your attacker and 'clear the line of fire'.
you then grasp the gun between your forearm and shoulder before hitting them in the face with your free elbow.
a knee to the groin follows, and while the attacker doubles up in pain, you twist the gun from his hands, smack him in the face with the barrel and back up, keeping the weapon trained on him.
for gunmen approaching from the front, it's a similar technique - get your body out of the line of fire, grab the gun and twist it around so the villain can't fire.
at the same time, put weight on the gun and punch the attacker in the chest, then twist the gun from his grip before backing up and pointing it at him.
sounds tricky?
check the video to see exactly how Mizrachi does it.
but remember that the safest way out of any mugging - if you're not a Krav Maga grandmaster - is to hand over your cash.
traveller Ian Wright scrapes his tongue along Europe's dirtiest places for travel guide
a British traveller has put his immune system and gag reflex to a serious test - by licking some of the dirtiest and disgusting places in Europe.
presenter and travel writer Ian Wright, 51, from Suffolk, scraped his tongue along a Euro note, a Piccadilly Circus hand rail, a train toilet's flush button and a Russian public telephone to prove the strength of his immune system.
before licking each object, he used a luminometer to show himself, and us, just what he was getting in to.
but the experiment, which has be made into a film called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength, threw up some surprising results.
the thought of licking a train's flush button used by thousands of other may be utterly repellent, but in fact there are more bad bacteria in a kitchen sink.
all the way along his trip through Europe, Mr Wright spoke to doctors and medical professionals about boosting gut bacteria and about his own health.
fortunately, nothing he licked left him with anything more than a bad taste in his mouth.
Mr Wright became known for testing the durability of his gut by travelling around the world and eating weird and wonderful things.
from public handrails in train stations to a toilet flush button the task definitely tested his immune system
in the movie made about it he said: 'Ever since I was a kid I have been fairly carefree with my health and I've put all sorts of things in my mouth from soil, eating worms and muddy water.'
he certainly proved his reputation during the film.
the only thing he turned down was a filthy Russian public toilet.
his sample swab showed a luminometer count of over 4000 units.
by comparison, freshly washed hands should come in under 60.
but there was one Russian public toilet he refused to lick after his luminometer count was over 4000 units, when freshly washed hands are less than 60
Mr Wright and Finnish dairy producer Valio have produced the traveller's film called The Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength which shows the bacteria count in different place like in the bathroom
he said in the film: 'That is close to one of the worst things I have smelled in a toilet.'
there's nothing more dirty than that!
I'm not going to lick anything because it's disgusting in there.
the Lickhiker's Guide to Inner Strength was produced in conjunction with Finnish dairy producer Valio.
the company provided Mr Wright with Valio Gefilus, which contain lactic acid bacteria as well as vitamins C and D to help boost people's gut bacteria and immune systems.
Valio's Senior Vice President of snacks, juice and New categories Niko Vuorenmaa said: 'We really wanted to offer consumers something new.
something that would be fascinating to watch and at the same time explain the benefits of probiotics.
we did a lot of crazy brainstorming that ended in the idea "let's call Ian."
they claim the interest in gut health is becoming a global phenomenon
instead of just talking about the products, we wanted to put them into a bigger context - the good and bad bacteria in our everyday environment, the importance of gut health and how it's linked to the immune system.
growing interest in gut health is a global phenomenon and with the documentary we could provide consumers with more information about it in an interesting way.
I also think the film shows we have a great sense of humour!
Tom Hakala, who directed the film, added: 'Let's put it this way - I would have lost my respect for Ian if he had licked some of the things I asked him to, like the disgusting Russian toilet that's shown in the film.'
naturally some things were easier to get Ian to lick, some were pretty tough.
I'm glad we got some of those dirty licks caught on tape.'
in a survey conducted in 2015 by Valio, 84 per cent of the respondents associated lactic acid bacteria specifically with the well-being of the stomach and gut and 58 per cent said they use at least occasionally products containing added lactic acid bacteria.
family of yobs destroyed Saltash, Cornwall council house ahead of eviction
a family of yobs left their council house with £50,000 worth of damage after they were evicted for terrorising their neighbours.
Tanya Skeldon and her partner Shaun Trebilcock have been kicked out of the property in Saltash, Cornwall, after a long list of complaints against them.
after they were forcibly removed from the property, shocked housing associations officers found the property in a state of disrepair.
the walls were left with gaping holes, floorboards were ripped up, rubbish was strewn over the floor and graffiti was daubed on the walls.
the family have now been moved on and are believed to be living in a private accomodation
Donna McEvoy, housing manager at Cornwall housing, said she feared it might be beyond saving.
she said: 'It's been an absolute nightmare for people down here and I don't think people should have to live like that.
there are a lot of things to weigh up because this property will probably be known by the not-so-nice element of Cornwall.
this family are notorious and their name is notorious.
the couple had three sons who lived at the property intermittently and police say the reign of terror the family inflicted included fighting in the street with baseball bats, intimidating nearby residents, drug use, drug dealing and excessive shouting, arguing and swearing.
Skeldon, 47, whose name was on the tenancy, was given an antisocial behaviour order in June.
old rubbish was found in a number of the rooms of the house, which may be demolished
floor boards had been pulled up in the property, from which drugs had been dealt in the past
neighbours say they were seen fighting in the street and police were regularly called
Cornwall Housing evicted her and her partner forcefully from the property this week after giving them an extended period of 11 weeks to move on voluntarily.
the eviction was hailed by relieved neighbours who said their lives had been made a living hell.
one said: 'They didn't care about anybody.'
we lived next to them for 20 years and it's always been bad.
the amount of times we've seen the police down here is unbelievable.
'this morning, we couldn't sleep.'
we got up because it was so quiet here - we're not used to that!
it's going to be lovely now that they're finally gone.
Adam Fitzpatrick, Cornwall Housing's neighbourhood enforcement manager, said the family failed to cooperate with the local authority.
the family have lived in the house for 20 years, with police regularly called to the property
rubbish and old toys have been thrown down the overgrown side of the council house
he added: 'it is a shame that the tenant failed to accept any responsibility for the behaviour of her and her family as eviction is always the last course of action that Cornwall Housing considers.
this was a very difficult case as the behaviour was extreme and their actions must have been terrifying for her neighbours to witness.
I appreciate all the work that has been put in by my team, Devon and Cornwall Police and members of the community who bravely came forward to give us information.
I hope that this development will give some comfort to the neighbours and sends out a message that antisocial behaviour will not be tolerated.
Mr Fitzpatrick said that the three sons had all lived at the property at different times but said they were all in their 20s.
a dirty mattress left on the floor of one of the bedrooms in the house after the eviction
housing workers will now have to clear away the piles of rubbish which surround the house
in 2014, police raided the property and found more than 70g in cannabis as well as scales, paraphernalia and £1,700 in cash.
Skeldon was fined after pleading guilty to possession of a Class B drug with intent to supply.
she claimed the money was going towards a headstone for her son, Lee Skeldon, who died in a car crash in 2013.
after being made homeless, it is understood that Tanya and her partner are now living in private housing in Plymouth.
the walls of many of the house's rooms had graffiti scrawled across them.
police say they will seek to evict tenants who flout the rules of their tenancies
Angela Crow, of Devon and Cornwall Police, said the eviction sent a clear warning to other tenants who continue to flout the rules.
'this sends out to those who feel that they can behave without recrimination, as well as those blighted by such behaviour,' she said.
criminal and antisocial behaviour will never be tolerated by Devon and Cornwall Police, who will continue to work with partners to protect our communities.
tourists in Portugal are left terrified as a low-flying military jet flies skims beach
tourists sun worshipping in Aveiro, Portugal, had the shock of their lives
a Portuguese air force P-3C Orion plane swooped in incredibly low
the air force said it was on a training flight but insisted no risk to safety
this is the moment terrified tourists start to panic as a low-flying jet swooped down over a packed beach.
dramatic footage showed the military plane almost coming within touching distance of sunseekers on the stretch of sand in Aveiro, northern Portugal.
holidaymakers rose to their feet as they became understandably concerned about the noise from the jet engines without being able to see at first what was coming their way through the clouds.
the incident happened in Costa Nova near Aveiro yesterday afternoon.
Daniel Fernandes, one of several holidaymakers who posted videos of the dramatic fly-by onto social media, said: 'it passed really low twice and there was a point when it looked like it was going to crash.'
Nuno Arroja added: 'I was surfing and swear it felt like the plane was going to fall on top of me.'
tourists on the beach at Aveiro were terrified when the plane appeared out of the murk and flew at an incredibly low altitude
the Portuguese Air Force said today the pilot of the P-3C Orion plane was on a training flight to identify fishing boats off the coast and had to drop so low because it was the only way of checking them.
he said the jet had flown slightly lower than normal because of poor visibility caused by the smoke from nearby wildfires, but the air force insisted no-one's safety had been compromised.
wildfires have devastated parts of mainland Portugal this summer as well as killing four people on the island of Madeira.
the Portuguese air force said today the pilot had to fly low because of the conditions - thick fog and smoke from wildfires - which obscured his visibility
the plane was on a training flight and the pilot was being asked to identify fishing boats as part of the exercise
Supercup: Barca is worried about facing Sevilla
Seville - On Sunday, FC Barcelona will fight to take their first step towards their first title of the new football season.
the Catalan team will face off against FC Sevilla in an away game in Spain's Supercup; the second leg will take place three days later in Camp Nou.
the two-time champions will have to face up to the defeated Cup finalists and reigning Europa League champions without Neymar, who is playing in the Olympic football tournament for Brazil.
in addition, goalkeeper Marc-Andre ter Stegen is also missing.
during training the German pulled a ligament in his knee. At least it's clear who'll be wearing the number one jersey for Barca: Claudio Bravo.
the Chilean international and Ter Steigen have been competing for number one status for two years now.
coach Luis Enrique has so far refused to make a clear decision either way, allowing Bravo to wear the jersey in league games, but giving it to Ter Stegen in most of their other matches.
ahead of the first compulsory game of the new season there were doubts as to the Spanish champions' fitness: they lost 0-4 to Liverpool in a friendly game on Saturday.
even with 3-2 in a friendly against Sampdoria on Wednesday, Lionel Messi and Co. were not really all that convincing.
on the other hand, Sevilla have to swallow their 2-3 extra-time defeat against Real Madrid in the Supercup, and are aiming for a second victory in the "Supercopa de Espana."
with eleven victories, Barcelona are the current record-holders for this competition.
Ma Long is in a league of his own, taking Gold in the table tennis
Rio de Janeiro - Ma Long, from China, is the new table tennis Olympic champion.
on Thursday, the 27-year-old beat his fellow countryman and "defending champion" Zhang Jike in Rio de Janeiro 4-0 in a one-sided final (12,5,4,4).
this gave the world number one the "golden grand slam," winning the World Championship, the World Cup, the final tournament of the World Tour, and the Olympics.
the bronze medal went to Jun Mizutani from Japan.
the two Chinese men made it to the final, as expected, and fought each other for the title.
it was clear that, for the third time in a row, a Chinese athlete would take the singles title at the Olympics.
the last non-Chinese athlete on the top step of the Olympic podium was former SVS Lower Austria legionary Ryu Seung-min from South Korea.
Ma and Zhang were alone at the table: they had no coaches with them between sets and during time-outs.
they had returned to the stands, leaving their charges alone to fight a fair battle against each other.
"Up until now, I have played for my country."
"in the final, I'm playing for myself," Zhang summarised.
after the game, the gold and silver medallists posed with the Chinese flag.
the match itself was unexpectedly one-sided.
Ma only had to fight off his 28-year-old opponent in the first set.
afterwards, he set the pace on the table, and only let Zhang score a total of 13 points.
Ma's dominance meant that the match was not as exciting as expected.
but nevertheless, there were some breathtaking volleys to be seen.
Mizutani won the bronze medal match against 40-year-old Wladimir Samsonow 4-1.
the Belarussian had injured his rib in his quarter-final against German European Champion Dimitrij Ovtcharov, and was given medical treatment, and ultimately had to content himself with fourth place.
Jan-Ove Waldner from Sweden (38/2004) and Jörgen Persson (42/2008) also reached fourth place at the Olympics at a similarly old age for table tennis.
Donald Trump admits there are "huge problems" with his election campaign
the US Republicans' lead is plagued by significant fears that they might lose their majority, even in states that are traditionally conservative.
presidential candidate Donald Trump has now admitted to the weaknesses of his election campaign in Utah, formerly a Republican stronghold.
it was a strange moment - the multi-millionaire normally puts on a pompous, self-assured performance, but this time he expressed something analogous to doubt, as correspondents report.
after he had beaten 16 rivals from within the Republican camp, doubt is now growing as to whether he will be successful in the race for the White House.
"We have huge problems in Utah," Trump said to an audience of evangelical Christians whom he asked for assistance in key states such as Ohio, Florida or Virginia.
he blamed false reports on his candidacy, once again giving the media a dressing-down, as he is known to do.
Republican strongholds are wavering
Utah is normally a safe seat for the Republicans.
a poll carried out by SurveyUSA in June puts Trump and his competitor on an equal footing with Democrat Hillary Clinton.
other bodies do put Trump ahead, but not by the margin usual for Republican candidates in the state.
Arizona and Georgia are also at risk.
in an interview with broadcaster CNBC, Trump was asked how he would stop Clinton's rise, replying: "In the same way I have done before."
and he added: "Either it'll work out, or I'll go on a long, long holiday."
he said he was just "telling the truth."
if he doesn't make it because of political correctness, that's OK, Trump added.
then, he said, I'd return to a very nice way of life.
according to press reports, the party have threatened Trump with removing financial support for his election campaign if he is unable to do any better in the polls.
instead, the Republican congressional candidates would be offered more support.
Olympics: brazen cheating in doping tests
the IOC intends to set up a disciplinary committee to handle the case.
following the second doping scandal at the Rio Olympics, trouble is looming for Kenya's track and field athletes.
after an attempt to deceive a doping check in the Olympic village, Kenya has sent one coach home.
the International Olympic Committee announced that it would set up a disciplinary committee immediately to investigate the case.
a Kenyan official announced that former sprinter and current coach John Anzrah had given a urine sample in the Olympic village in the name of 800-metre runner Ferguson Rotich.
Kenya's team managers were allegedly informed of this by the doping officials.
the global IAAF federation has requested information about the matter from the IOC so it can carry out its own investigations, stated an IAAF spokesperson.
"the IAAF will perform an evaluation, depending on the findings of the investigation and the steps taken by the IOC as a result," said an IAAF statement.
"He (Anzrah) went to the doping check and alleged that he was Ferguson Rotich, handed in the sample, and signed for it," explained Stephan Arap Soi, Kenya's chef de Mission.
he had the athlete's accreditation as given in the list of training checks for the World Anti-Doping Agency.
Ferguson Rotich came fourth in the 800-metre race at the 2015 World Championships in Beijing.
four days previously, the Head of the Kenyan track & field delegation, Michael Rotich, had been sent away from the Rio games.
he was alleged to have told sportspeople from his country about upcoming doping tests in exchange for money.
according to media reports, he was arrested on his return at Nairobi Airport.
after numerous instances of doping, the IOC has been keeping a particularly close eye on Kenya for a while.
when the IOC announced that it would hold more than 2000 targeted doping checks in advance of the Rio games, it also announced, unusually, that athletes from Kenya and Russia would be examined particularly closely.
ahead of the summer games in Brazil, the World Anti-Doping Agency had put a lot of pressure on the African country to introduce an anti-doping law and a functioning system of checks.
the law was passed a few weeks before the start of the Olympics.
following this, WADA removed Kenya from the list of countries whose anti-doping measures comply with WADA rules.
running is a national sport in Kenya.
the country's track and field athletes won the most medals at the 2015 world championships in Beijing.
in a series of televised reports by ARD, the claim was made time and again that doping drugs are easily accessible in Kenya and that there is a mentality of cheating at sport.
IOC member Richard Pound has recently called for an investigation in Kenya to mirror that which took place into Russian athletics.
this investigation proved that doping was undertaken extensively and systematically across the sport.
as a result, Russia's track and field athletes were banned from the summer games.
Salzburg's "West Side Story" with Cecilia Bartoli
in the Shakespeare anniversary year, the Salzburger Festspiele is putting on "West Side Story" with Tony and Maria as tragic couple just like Romeo and Juliet.
featuring a surprise: Cecilia Bartoli.
a musical has gripped Salzburg: Leornard Bernstein's masterpiece, "West Side Story."
artistic Director Cecilia Bartoli wanted to bring the musical into the temple of classical music, and has made a childhood dream come true by taking on the role of Maria.
in the orchestra pit, the Simón bolívar Orchestra will be conducted by Venezuelan director Gustavo Dudamel: "This music is full of rhythm," he enthuses.
we always say that it has a lot of Latin American influences.
there are many Latin American elements in its tempo and melodies.
it is a wonderful mixture, the perfect formula for our orchestra.
I would say that we really have Bernstein's music in our blood!
in this production, Bartoli plays an older Maria.
she remembers her love affair with Tony with wistfulness, while the younger Maria plays and dances.
the role of Maria has always fascinated me.
firstly because it's musically unusual!
and then there's Maria's personality.
as she says in her song: "I feel pretty, oh so pretty, I feel pretty and witty and bright."
so she's clever, and naive of course, and full of passion.
"She's very like me, like my Italian personality as a girl from Rome," laughs Bartoli.
Dudamel is full of praise for the opera singer: "Cecilia is a wonderful artist."
we are so honoured to work with her.
she is an incredibly generous person.
and Bartoli returns the compliment: "Dudamel is such an exceptional artist and so passionate!"
for him, conducting is a need.
you see it in all his movements, his glances - it is his life!
it is such a great chance to be able to share this musical experience with him.
we both have a rather southern temperament, fire, passion, and we both approach life with joy, which is the most important of all!
for the American director Philip Wm. McKinley, "West Side Story" is bang up-to-date: "This work is all about prejudice and fanaticism."
today we're dealing with the refugees, back then Puerto Ricans had gone to New York, and the residents of New York didn't want them there.
it's the same issues, and they were as significant then as they are today.
Fifty-nine years on, the work is still relevant.
London schoolgirl who joined ISIL killed in Syria
Kadiza Sultana, one of three British schoolgirls who left London last year to join ISIL, has reportedly died in Syria.
attorney Tasnime Akunjee said her family learned of her death in Raqqa, Syria, a few weeks ago.
she was believed to have been killed by a Russian air strike in Raqqa, the group's stronghold in the country, ITV News reported on Thursday.
Sultana was 17 years old and, according to her family, died just as she was making plans to flee the war-torn country and return to Britain.
"one would hope that the only benefit out of this is - as a tombstone and testament to others, that these are the risks actually involved in going to a war zone - to dissuade people from ever making that choice really," Akunjee said.
in February 2015, Sultana and two other schoolgirls from east London boarded a flight to Turkey and then a bus to the Syrian border.
Sultana's family was told she married an ISIL fighter in Syria - and became a widow within months.
Reid says Clinton will stick with garland as Supreme Court nominee if elected
Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid says he is convinced that Democratic presidential candidate Hillary Clinton will nominate Judge Merrick garland to the Supreme Court if she is elected president.
Senate Republicans have blocked Garland's confirmation since President Barack Obama nominated him in March.
Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says the next president will choose the person to replace late Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia.
Reid said on a conference call Thursday that he is predicting Clinton will pick garland "with some degree of credibility."
a spokeswoman for Reid later said he had not spoken to Clinton directly about whether she would nominate garland and was speculating.
he praised garland and said Clinton's team would not want to "Rock the boat" with a new pick.
garland is the chief judge for the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia circuit.
Reid said Republicans who are blocking Garland's nomination are "minions" and "enablers" of Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump.
he said Trump is unfit for office.
treats says nude calendar for 'women, as well as men'
treats magazine is partnering with photographer David Bellemere to launch a 1970s' Pirelli-inspired calendar for 2017.
but instead of famous naked people, they're setting out to find the next generation of top models for their 2017 Nu muses calendar.
treats president Steve Shaw told us earlier this year that his nude-heavy magazine differs from old-school Playboys because "Playboy is for men."
I do this for women.
apparently he thinks the calendar is, too.
"We need to get back to showcasing timeless and classic nudity where women, as well as men, feel comfortable and inspired by these images of the female body," Shaw said in a press release announcing the calendar.
women will want to be a part of this project because it's a beautiful piece of art.
models can submit pics online or in person at open casting calls in Los Angeles and New York.
Turkey: Kurdish community faces mass exodus
"If you don't change your tune and praise Erdogan, your suitcase is basically packed," says the President of the Gülen-supporting Dialogue and World foundation, Ercan Karakoyun.
the Kurdish community in Germany is expecting tens of thousands of people to arrive at short notice in search of protection, fleeing from Turkey to Germany.
in the medium term, this could even grow to "a few hundred thousand," believes Ali Toprak, President of the association.
the crackdown instigated by Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan after the attempted coup has led the Germany Kurdish Association to expect a mass exodus to Germany.
"in the short term I'm expecting ten thousand, in the medium term a few hundred thousand people coming from Turkey looking for protection in Germany, if the Erdogan regime continues to antagonise minorities and democratic opposition," said the President of the Association, Ali Toprak, to "Die Welt" newspaper on Friday.
a few months ago the government initiated punitive action against Kurdish strongholds - and as a result, 500,000 Kurds are already on the run within Turkey.
after the unsuccessful coup, secular and oppositional ethnic Turks have been added to the list.
many will want to seek a new start in Europe if they continue to suffer oppression in Turkey.
"It is unacceptable that a country that takes in refugees is also producing them," said Toprak.
the head of the Association complained about the deliberate relocating of Syrian Arabs in Kurdish and Alevi towns.
he thinks that Erdogan did this to encourage the remaining Kurds to leave.
"They are the last big minority in Turkey: the Christian Armenians and the Greeks have already been exterminated or driven out over the past hundred years," said Toprak, who is also a member of the CDU.
the head of the Association requested that the Federal Government acted "as harshly as Austria against Erdogan and his supporters."
a "witch-hunt" is also underway in Germany against those critical of Erdogan.
over the past few months, I have no longer felt safe in Germany for the first time.
the German branch of the Gülen movement also fears that many Turks will flee abroad.
more Turks will seek asylum in Germany, especially Kurds and members of the opposition.
being singled out as a Gülen-supporter is career-destroying for teachers and other academics.
"If you don't change your tune and praise Erdogan, your suitcase is basically packed," said the President of the Gülen-supporting Dialogue and World Foundation, Ercan Karakoyun, to "Die Welt" newspaper.
as the newspaper reports, using figures from the Federal Ministry of the Interior, even before the coup Turks were the largest group granted asylum in Germany on the grounds of political persecution.
on the reference date of June 30, this amounted to 11,386 people, almost 29 percent of all people entitled to asylum (39,625).
these figures do not include people who have fled war, poverty or a lack of prospects.
under the constitution, only individuals suffering political persecution, i.e., on the part of the state, are entitled to asylum.
Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: "Go where it hurts"
strange Mecklenburg-Vorpommern: locals hear nothing about the summer elections - and holidaymakers from North Rhine-Westphalia are not allowed to vote for the state parliament.
in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, they understood this.
in 2021 the state parliament elections will not take place at the end of the summer holidays, the Schwerin parliament decided at the start of the year.
the way things had been going was simply ridiculous: summer holidays, heat and state parliament elections - they clash with one another.
the locals who need to be won over by the candidates are on holiday.
most holidaymakers in the state, in Usedom, Rügen or Hiddensee, are not locals - and are not allowed to vote for the state parliament.
there are also practical problems to consider: during the holidays, volunteers who put up signs, blow up balloons, distribute flyers and count the votes at the end, are hard to find.
until 4 September 2016, election day and the last day of the holidays, people in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern must put up with one more election without the people being consulted.
the heated phase, if that can be said at all, has already begun.
and there's something at stake: Prime Minister Erwin Sellering, leader of an SPD/CDU coalition, is fearing for his seat.
the SPD, the strongest party since 1998, is now clearly behind the CDU, according to polls.
it will be exciting to see how Neuling AfD carves things up, and whether a coalition can be formed with what's left at the end.
Sellering, 66 years old and head of the parliament since 2008, pursued a rather inconspicuous election campaign, as can be seen from his posters.
he is travelling around the region, distributing roses and chatting a bit with people, just as his legendarily taciturn predecessor Harald Ringstorff did.
apart from that, Seelering has got cold feet, blaming Chancellor Merkel for the rise of the AfD.
her refugee policies, her "we can manage it" have accelerated the rise of the far-right, he believes - which will probably cost him his job.
the CDU and its top-level candidate, Minister of the Interior Lorenz Caffier, has already experienced what happens when you fight an election in the right place at the wrong time.
the CDU have invited Chancellor Angela Merkel to two mass rallies; Merkel's parliamentary constituency is in the north-east.
but the target group wasn't right: there were more people from North Rhine-Westphalia, Berlin and Saxony there than people from Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
"the majority probably came from other federal states," Vincent Kokert, general secretary of the CDU in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, complained to the NDR recently.
but it won't do any harm to anyone from other parts of Germany to listen to Angela Merkal for once.
apart from that, the north-east CDU is generally dispensing with the normal election events with parasols and balloons in market squares and outside shopping centres.
according to Kokert, that will only play a "minor role."
the Union also noticed that they are losing their footing in the region, and will have to work hard to connect with the people.
they are suffering like the Left, the SPD, the Greens: hardly present across large swathes of the region.
the advice that CDU candidate Kokert gave to his competitors is revealing: "You have got to go where it hurts, or where the people are: village fetes, Golden Wedding anniversaries, you have to make use of every birthday party."
Sellering has already called his SPD to fight a particularly committed election campaign because there is so much at stake.
according to polls, the social democrats have 22 percent, behind their partners the CDU (25), and only fractionally ahead of the AfD (19).
in the 2011 elections, the SPD had a clear victory over the CDU (35.6 percent versus 22 percent).
the Greens, a small party with seven percent in the polls, should make the leap into the regional parliament.
they are making a modern virtue out of the holiday issue, and are waging their election war predominantly online.
"online election campaign" is what the regional chairperson Claudia Müller has dubbed it.
apart from that, the Greens are searching out local voters among the holidaymakers.
Silke Gajek, their top candidate, is currently crossing Mecklenburg's lakes on a houseboat - and is having a nice time.
her view? "having an election holiday in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern isn't all that bad."
B27 redevelopment: restaurants are suffering from the closure
there are hardly any problems with the speed at which the B27 is being redeveloped.
there is praise from all quarters for the people responsible for the construction works, which start at 5.30 a.m. and end at 8 p.m.
"They have done everything so speedily," Elvira Texlaff at the Jet petrol station explains.
that is a super team.
there are also no delays.
at the start of the week, the construction site could be moved southwards in line with plans, marking the half-way point, and everything is expected to be completed by October.
the obligingness of the people responsible for the construction works in terms of setting up substitute driveways.
since the construction site was moved southwards on Monday, and the Aspegstraße in Ofterdingen was reopened, and the link to Rottenburg was re-established, the traffic situation within the town has improved.
residents can now drive on both sides of the B 27 out of Ofterdingen.
there seem to be fewer drivers taking alternative routes through the town.
"There were some serious complaints made," said Florian King, deputy chief officer responsible for traffic management during the redevelopment.
residents in Bachsatzstraße, Steinlachstraße, Hafnerstraße and Weiherrain had to put up with more traffic noise because people were looking for ways to cut through, trusting their satnav more than the signage.
this led to some lorries hurtling through residential areas.
the commune has increased calls for the measuring vehicle from Mössingen because speed limits were not always adhered to either.
"There were considerable infringements," said King, who had taken a look on-site to see what was going on.
two to three vehicles were snapped by a speed camera every minute.
the fastest was travelling at 77 kilometres per hour in a 30 zone.
since the construction site has moved on, things have quietened down.
this is only a small consolation for businesses located along the B 27 that the road has reopened for customers from Rottenburg.
business people don't like to show their hand.
but nobody we questioned hid the fact that the B 27 redevelopment had led to a drop in profits.
however, some have been affected more than others.
people who have little to do with "end customers," i.e. if they make products for other companies, have hardly been affected by the redevelopment.
even at the Maier car dealership, Thomas Sulz talked of "a slight loss, at the most," but also admitted that "there had been a lack of passing trade."
bars and restaurants along the road had been the hardest hit.
J. Albert Göhner, owner of the Steakhouse (previously Krone), expressed himself clearly.
it has threatened our very existence.
it's not just him: all restaurants have been "hit hard."
customers from Hechingen, Balingen and Rottweil stayed away.
we have to be happy about every euro of profit we make.
he reckons that profits slumped by "far more than 50 percent."
the road redevelopment "set back" his businesses "by two years."
he had to let half of his staff go.
if I had a company with 4000 employees and had to let half of them go, politicians would have reacted differently.
instead, when Göhner asked the government's president, Jörg Schmidt, if there would be financial compensation, the president replied that the restaurant benefited already from its location on the B 27. And now it just had to deal with the disadvantages thrown up by the redevelopment.
Göhner knows of other districts where people have acted more generously.
despite all the complains, Göhner is convinced that his restaurant will survive.
after all, the family business moved there back in 1715, he said, referring to its long history.
he can understand that his regular customers visit less as a result of the complicated traffic system.
if you can't drive past, other places are also nice.
Göhner has no doubt that his regulars will return once the redevelopment works have been completed.
despite the crises with BSE and bird flu, Göhner believes that the effects of the B 27 works on his clientele mark the biggest crisis his restaurant has suffered in its long history.
six months of construction works, that's brutal.
law are constantly being passed in the name of anti-terrorism.
after the most recent attacks, Minister of the Interior de Maizière is now putting forward a host of security measures.
but what does residential status have to do with terrorism?
and what does the coalition partner have to say about it all?
Thomas de Maizière is playing the conciliator.
all his proposals are "politically reasonable" for the coalition partner, the Federal Minister of the Interior said when revealing his new security package.
they are not asking too much of anyone.
other, more wide-reaching issues will first be discussed within the parties.
I will also be involved in that.
as Minister of the Interior, however, he is responsible for results, and for reaching an "achievable agreement" within the coalition, he says.
after the most recent attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach, de Maizière let a little time pass before announcing his conclusions for security within Germany.
however, they are more comprehensive as a result.
one thing was already known, announced, heralded: The fact that a new security agency is going to work on cracking encrypted communications is not new.
neither is the fact that Germany will have to implement several EU directives on air passenger data and gun laws.
the call for more video surveillance and staff for security agencies also does not come as a surprise.
to some extent, de Maizière is launching a second attempt at proposals that the SPD long wanted nothing to do with: He wants to penalise advertising for terrorist groups, and remove German passports from jihadis with dual citizenship.
"They will be difficult issues for the SPD," admitted the CDU politician.
despite this, he believes they are achievable, and is not demanding anything that has no chance with the coalition partner.
de Maizière also presented a few new ideas.
some of them have a lot to offer: He is planning accelerated processes for deportation and more opportunities to arrest individuals prior to their deportation.
refugees who are specifically brought to the country should allow their smartphones to be checked, and present their social media accounts for security checks.
he wants to reduce tolerance for people who have been refused asylum - such as those who commit crimes, or deliberately throw away their papers to conceal their identity.
some of it is politically and legally tricky.
some of it also seems half-baked, and leaves questions to be answered.
and for some points - such as the unequal treatment of tolerated persons - the following question is raised: What does that actually have to do with security and terrorism?
yes, de Maizière says, it is important to differentiate between the issues posed by refugees, and the issue of terrorism.
but it cannot be denied that the perpetrators of the attacks in Ansbach and Würzburg were refugees.
in addition, many people are worried about security because of the large numbers of refugees.
and things that deeply worry people cannot be ignored - even during election season.
domestic security has come to the fore to a huge extent.
first the attacks in neighbouring countries: Paris, Copenhagen, Brussels, Nice.
then the attacks in Würzburg and Ansbach.
there is a large amount of uncertainty.
and yes, elections are looming.
the Union and the SPD are consequently focusing more and more on the issue of security.
over the past few days things have been quite heated between the two parties.
first a nasty argument about the Federal Police Force's equipment, then about an ideas-gathering event for security and politics-related discussions between some Ministers of the Interior in the Union, at which a burka ban and the renunciation of dual citizenship were demanded by department heads.
de Maizière is also trying to strike a conciliatory note here.
he does not think that dual citizenship will be removed.
we have dealt with the discussions in Germany.
it would not make sense to reopen discussions on this topic.
and he thinks that a burka ban would come up against constitutional issues.
however, it remains to be seen whether his own package is in line with the constitution throughout, and whether it really is "achievable" for his coalition partner.
there are few things inside it that could cause problems.
but the SPD is also currently attempting to use the issue of domestic security to shape itself.
SPD Head Sigmar Gabriel showed that the party was happy to discuss the issue, albeit sensitively at first, saying that "the SPD is prepared to discuss anything that will increase security further."
Volkswagen gets off lightly.
despite the diesel scandal, global delivery figures are increasing.
but things aren't quite as rosy in all markets.
the recall has led to fuss about one term.
Volkswagen's deliveries were more restrained in the second half of the year.
thanks to its number of brands and some well-functioning markets, Europe's largest car manufacturer can boast another plus for the previous year, despite the diesel scandal.
however, in July, the VW core brand suffered, particularly in Western Europe, thereby affecting overall sales, as the Dax-listed company announced.
globally, the VW brand sold 449,100 cars in July - 1.8 percent fewer vehicles than in the same month in the previous year.
in Western Europe alone, the second most important market after China, sales were 14 percent lower than in the same month the year before.
in its home market of Germany, deliveries plummeted by almost a sixth.
head of brand sales, Jürge Stackmann, blamed July's poor figures on the loss of two sales days in Europe.
in addition, some key markets saw "changed economic climates," which led to fewer purchases.
in addition to the situation regarding the attempted coup in Turkey, the British vote to leave the EU had also had an impact, a spokeswoman said.
in the USA, where the emissions scandal first began, the books are once again in the red.
the Chinese market is a source of great support for VW.
in total, Lower Saxony's own brand, which was most affected, has got off lightly from the diesel scandal: After the first seven months, there is a minus in the books for deliveries amounting to 0.9 percent of 3.37 million vehicles.
head of sales at the company, Fred Kappler, was once again able to bring out an increase in sales from January to July.
Volkswagen delivered 1.3 percent more vehicles in this time period, coming to a global total of 5.904 million.
Volkswagen had used software to manipulate emissions tests.
in Germany alone, VW has called 2.5 million vehicles back to workshops to be refitted.
in the course of modifying the vehicles VW emphasised that refitting them would have no negative effects.
after the vehicles have been modified, fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or motor performance would not get worse.
after modification, the car manufacturer will provide its customers with a certificate that is "as good as a guarantee" but would not talk of an actual "guarantee," as was mentioned on Friday in corporate circles.
legal intricacies are the reason for this.
"focus" reported that Volkswagen would provide its German customers with a guarantee for modified diesel cars nonetheless.
this was confirmed by VW representatives at the Federal Ministry of Transport on the Monday previous.
the Ministry of Transport confirmed that this meeting had taken place.
"VW must fully meet the requirements of my investigative committee and the KBA."
"deviations will not be accepted," explained Alexander Dobrindt (CDU), the Federal Minister for Transport, according to the Ministry.
VW took on the guarantee that fuel consumption, CO2 emissions or motor performance would not get worse as a result of the modification, and all vehicle values relevant to type approval would remain unchanged.
Volkswagen itself does not use the term "guarantee," as has been mentioned in corporate circles.
Volkswagen believes that the broad term "guarantee" could see customers returning to the workshop with motor damage six months after the modification - and being able to blame this on the new software, even if the damage had nothing at all to do with it.
it is also in the customers' interest to prevent confusion with guarantee clauses for any other faults that have nothing at all to do with the emissions scandal.
this is why VW will not be using the term "guarantee."
the Raffeisen Bank in Gmund am Tegernsee will demand penalty interest from wealthy savers in the future - and it will be the second bank in Germany to do so.
managing Director of the bank, Josef Paul, said on Thursday that "this only applies to 139 customers with 40 million euros in their current accounts or day-to-day accounts."
the Federal Association of German Banks believes this is an isolated case, and does not see it as a sign: normal savers "need not worry about being hit with penalty interest on the pennies they've put aside."
if banks invest money overnight with the European Central Bank (ECB), they have to pay penalty interest of 0.4 percent.
from September, the Raffeisen Bank in Gmund will be asking private and business customers with more than 100,000 euros in their current account or day-to-day account to pay this fee.
"the first 100,000 euros are free."
"in the future, any subsequent 100,000 euros will cost 400 euros a year," Paul said.
for some time, he has been managing 40 million euros that could be withdrawn any day, and that he is unable to make use of.
"the money has been sitting in my account at the Central Bank, and costing 0.4 percent," the bank CEO said.
"I cannot put 4000 euros aside for every million."
he is passing on the costs under the "polluter pays" principle.
it would be far too dangerous just to leave the cash in the Raffeisen Bank's safe: "I have already been through four raids, I don't want a fifth!" the bank's managing director said.
most customers have been understanding, and have switched to other forms of investment.
only a small number moved to other banks.
the Federation of cooperatives of Bavaria explained that "the extreme monetary policy pursued by the ECG leads to all banks incurring significant costs."
it would be "impossible" for them to bear these costs "on a permanent basis, from a business perspective."
as a result, some German banks have increased the fees they charge for account management, credit cards or transfers.
Thuringia's "Volks- und Raffeisen Bank" in Altenburger Land hit the headlines in 2014 when their Skatbank branch imposed penalty interest on investments of more than three million euros.
Michael Kemmer, managing director of the banking association, said: "We are not expecting that private customers will all have to pay fees for investments - the competition between banks in Germany is much too strong for that."
a banker said that, in Tegernsee, there was "clientele who were rather better off in terms of assets."
"That can be a problem for a small bank," if the bank is looking after their money for free.
the Cooperative Bank of Gmund was founded in 1911, and has branches in Bad Wiessee, Rottach-Egern, Kreuth and Tegernsee.
famous actors, sportspeople and enterpreneurs live in the region.
spokesperson Ernst said that the Cooperative Association of Bavaria "was not currently aware of any other banks that ask private customers to reimburse their expenses."
the President of the Bundesverband der deutschen Volksbanken und Raiffeisenbanken (BVR), Uwe Fröhlich, said at the end of June that "the threshold for tipping into the red in terms of private customers is very, very high."
competition is fierce, and there is the risk that investors will move to competitors.
customers in Germany will not put up with that, broadly speaking.
vinyl destination: who is actually buying records?
lonely, middle-aged men love vinyl.
before you rush to litter the comments section with gnarly insults under the pseudonym NotAllLonelyMiddleAgedMen, this statement derives from actual data.
according to YouGov, the much talked-about record resurgence is driven not by a boom in millennials who want to embrace the novelty of a physical item, but by midlife nostalgia.
those who have recently purchased a vinyl album are most likely to be aged between 45 and 54, apparently.
in fact, those in the 18-24 age group are the least likely.
it is not just an act of hoarding by hobbyists, either - it has emotional significance: older vinyl buyers are slightly more likely to keep their feelings to themselves (56% versus 53%) and enjoy being alone (69% versus 66%).
but are YouGov's results true?
if this blog was a televised news report, the camera would follow me as I walked down the middle of a busy Soho street, wearing a modest grey suit and gesturing wildly before stopping, cupping my hands and saying something authoritative like: "So, let's take a look."
so, let's take a look.
while the heart of Soho is slowly being drained of its charm and grot - hotels, eats, Prets and Paperchases now fill the buildings once occupied by independent sellers - a handful of fantastic specialist record shops still remain.
I'd probably ask the camera to stop rolling for the next bit, in which I stand very close to various men in some of these stores and attempt to gauge their age and emotional disposition via observation.
Glaswegian Stuart, 55, whom I follow from Sister Ray (data count: two young women, three middle-aged men) into Reckless Records (data count: eight middle-aged men, one woman, probably in her 20s) is in London for the afternoon for a meeting and is perusing the shops to fill a few hours.
is he a collector, I ask?
"I suppose I am," he says.
I have about 3,000 or 4,000 records.
these records, pictured above (he emailed me the snap, I didn't follow him home), line his living room walls.
his reason for acquiring such a vast number of albums and singles is partly a result of his disposable income: he is now able to buy records he couldn't afford when they originally came out, and to repurchase items he sold when he was young and skint.
"a lot of the stuff I get is late 60s, early 70s, things that came out when I was 11 or 12, things I was probably a bit too young to get," he says.
he agrees that those who purchase records are more likely to be introverts who like their own company, adding: "I don't smoke, I don't drink very much.
it's my vice.
Wez, 25, who works at Sister Ray, also believes that many of the customers he encounters fit the YouGov profile.
he has, however, noticed a new wave of people influenced by the media hype, people who heard about the comeback and felt compelled to buy back their old records.
from conversations I've had, people have got rid of their collection, normally around 1998 or 1999.
customers who once sold their vinyl to buy CDs are now selling their CDs to buy their records back," he says.
that may explain a boom in vinyl revivalists of a certain age.
but what about the alleged emotional importance of records?
it takes a few seconds in a shop such as Phonica to realise that record stores offer a comforting community of likeminded types.
according to Wez, some older customers have taken umbrage with the contactless payment system in particular.
some vinyl fans may feel overwhelmed by the digital world and choose to retreat to the stability of the familiar record sleeve, of items that recall halcyon teenage memories.
"I think sometimes it can be filling a void or having material possessions as some kind of comfort," Wez says.
as a collector myself, I have that, and I think a lot of people do.
it's an easy way to occupy your headspace.
"We're like their social workers!" pipes up a co-worker from a stack of records.
an ICM poll in April revealed that almost 50% of people who bought a vinyl album the previous month had yet to listen to it.
the poll also found that 41% have a turntable they never use, while 7% of those who purchase vinyl don't own a record player.
at this stage of the news report, I would probably be looking gravely concerned while flicking through a stack of bossa Nova compilations.
the "trophy" aspect of the revival is something that Jonny, 42, who works in sounds of the Universe (data count: three midde-aged men) has noticed.
"Someone came in recently and said: "I don't have a record player, but I want to buy a Radiohead record so we can put it on our shelf,"" he says.
that's not a large percentage, but it's definitely happening.
more of the product side, less of the music.
we have people saying: "I don't have a record player."
that's younger people, not older ones, late teens who are just getting into it.
Fopp, which now dedicates almost an entire floor to vinyl, has a far more varied audience when I arrive.
there are couples in their 70s, tourists taking photos, teenage boys and middle-aged women.
while the atmosphere is less at ease than the aforementioned stores - Wild Beast's latest synth- and sex-fuelled pop, rather than noodling jazz, is blasting from the speakers - it is good to see diversity in its customers.
none of them look particularly lonely, but nagging psychological trauma is hard to ascertain by standing next to someone for 30 seconds.
Elanora, 27, has been walking around Fopp for a few minutes, looking at the variety of records on sale.
she is window-shopping, rather than on a spending spree.
she doesn't earn a lot, she says, so collecting records isn't really an option.
it costs a lot.
it's easy to listen to music by a computer or another way, but the beauty of vinyl is ..." she drifts off into a lovestruck sigh.
I don't know how to explain - it's really unique.
my last stop is a shop said to have inspired a fresh generation of vinyl lovers: Urban Outfitters.
while giving the illusion of perusing the denim hot pants, I observe a group of teenage girls, who cluster around the Polaroid cameras momentarily, before a dad and his daughter deliberate purchasing a Crosley record player.
to the left is a stairwell, a wall of which is stacked with records by Adele, Jeff Buckley, Amy Winehouse and Fleetwood Mac: a mix of contemporary and classics, the essential records for any average collection.
nobody is looking - perhaps because they are merely decoration, some so high up the wall that it would be impossible to touch them.
it is pure "art vinyl."
but, given that any attraction to these items could mean more money for the industry and send a few customers into the depths of Soho for more, there is little to complain about.
it is no surprise that a demographic more likely than most to have more time and money than most is also the one that spends the most on luxury items such as vinyl.
but while my findings suggest YouGov's results are accurate, in Soho record stores at least, they do not discount the huge number of female collectors and vinyl lovers that exist in reality, in record shops and on online forums.
these people are probably working hard at school or in offices.
they are certainly not spending their Thursday mornings loitering around the record shops of Berwick Street, flicking through records and avoiding the gaze of a creepy, 30-year-old fake television presenter who is looming over the shoulders of unsuspecting middle-aged men.
Greenland shark is longest-living vertebrate animal - video report
scientists say the Greenland shark has the longest lifespan of any vertebrate on the planet.
Julius Nielsen, who has been studying the sharks, says record goes to a female thought to be between 272 and 512 years old and is five metres in length
French court rejects bid to demolish shops at Jungle refugee camp
a French court has rejected a bid by Calais authorities to demolish dozens of makeshift shops and restaurants in the Jungle camp where thousands of refugees are living.
at a court hearing this week, Calais authorities had argued the state should be able to knock down a total of 72 makeshift shops where people inside the camp sell goods, from cigarettes to energy drinks, offer haircuts, or sell tea for 50 cents (40p) or basic meals for a few euros in makeshift restaurants.
the Calais prefect's office argued the places should be demolished because they represented a parallel economy that did not pay tax, and because they carried fire and sanitation risks.
humanitarian groups had told the court the shops and restaurants were vital, saying the free meals offered by a state-backed association and other groups did not provide enough food for the growing numbers at the camp.
they argued the makeshift shops and restaurants often provided shelter and free meals to those in need.
a Lille court ruled there was no legal basis for expelling the people running the 72 makeshift shops, but said the Calais prefect's concerns "were totally understandable."
the judge, Jean-François Molla, said the groceries, cafes and restaurants played a much bigger role than simply feeding people that "live in extremely precarious conditions."
he said the spaces provided calm meeting points between refugees and volunteers.
one of the places that had been under threat from demolition was the camp's Jungle Book kids" Cafe which is run not-for-profit and provides 200 meals a day, English and French classes, and asylum advice for the hundreds of vulnerable unaccompanied minors in the camp.
more than 170,000 people have signed a petition to protect the kids" cafe.
a letter sent to the Guardian said its closure "would be a catastrophe for these children, some of whom are as young as eight."
two charities, Help Refugees and L'Auberge des Migrants, on Friday estimated that numbers in the Jungle camp have risen to over 9,000 people - the highest ever - after a steep increase in arrivals during the summer.
despite Olympic disappointment, Martin keeps his fighting spirit
despite his disappointing performance in the Olympic time trial, cycling professional Tony Martin will keep his chin up.
"I'm going to keep the World Championship in my sights, stay optimistic, and keep fighting," wrote the 31-year-old on Facebook on Thursday ahead of his journey home from Rio.
he was unable to provide an explanation for his poor finish in 12th place on Sugar loaf Mountain.
"It's honestly hard for me to comment on my time from yesterday," said Martin.
he said he needed to reflect and analyse the reasons behind the debacle.
Martin had wanted to compete for the title at the time trial World Championship in Qatar in October.
"I'm going to take a real look at everything we've changed recently."
"This also includes my position," wrote the three-time time trial World Champion, who had lost to Olympic gold medallist Fabian Cancellara (Switzerland) by more than three minutes over the course of the 54.5km race on Wednesday.
Olympics: Tennis pro Siegemund misses out on the semi-final
Laura Siegemund's reign of success comes to an end in the Rio quarter-final: ranked 32 in the world, the player from Metzingen will definitely miss out on the semi-final of the Olympic tennis tournament after losing 1:6, 1:6 against Monic Puig (Puerto Rico/WTA no.
34).
Sigemund, who has been struggling with back problems, was only able to hold her serve once, and seemed powerless in comparison to earlier rounds.
on Thursday, potential medallist Angelique Kerber (Kiel/no. 2) had the chance of making the semi-final.
the winner of the Australian Open faced off against Brit Johanna Konta (no. 10).
the last German tennis player to win was Tommy Haas, who took the silver medal in Sydney in 2000.
the last time there were two German tennis players in the quarter-finals of the summer games was in 1992.
there has never been a German-German Olympic semi-final.
company gets involved in start-up for live video game streaming
watching other people play video games is a huge trend - and Microsoft wants to profit from this too.
the technology company has purchased start-up Beam, which has specialised in this hobby.
on Thursday Microsoft did not announce how much many had been spent on the takeover.
beam launched its programme in January, and already has more than 100,000 users.
they can watch other people play, and also get involved themselves.
for example, they can give players missions to complete and confront enemies, and provide equipment.
Games giant Activision blizzard is launching a new HD video service for the booming world of e-sports.
Facebook is to help on the path to making them global media events.
the advertising industry has already pricked up its ears.
the start-up's employees, who were previously based in Seattle in the US state of Washington, will now move to Microsoft's headquarters in California's Redmond, Beam's co-founder and CEO Matt Salsamendi reported.
the takeover will not change anything for customers.
according to Microsoft, Beam will be integrated into the video games department that is linked to the Xbox console.
the market for live-streaming video games is currently growing rapidly.
well-known platforms include twitch and YouTube gaming.
in 2014 twitch was purchased by online retailer Amazon - for almost one billion dollars.
YouTube Gaming is owned by Google's parent company alphabet.
here comes the enforcement trailer
Germany's speeders will have to get used to the new generation of speedometers: In various federal states, including Hesse and Brandenburg, new speed cameras are being trialled, which are supposed to be particularly effective at catching those who drive too fast.
the futuristic-looking enforcement trailer made by Vitronic, a company form Wiesbaden, could be used at accident blackspots, for example, where it is too dangerous for the police to go.
for example, roadworks on a motorway, or a bridge that is due to be repaired, and therefore has a temporary speed limit often lack the infrastructure to support a fixed speed camera to ensure that speed limits are being adhered to.
it can also be too dangerous or expensive to keep assembling and unassembling the speed camera at these points.
the enforcement trailer is autonomous: its battery lasts for five days of continuous measurement, and data is transferred in encrypted form via a modem.
thanks to laser measuring technology, all vehicles across several lanes can be tracked at the same time.
variable speed limits and driving bans based on time, lane or vehicle type can also be monitored.
when powered up, the manufacturer says that any car with a trailer coupling can move the trailer.
to prevent it from simply being stolen, it sinks down when measuring, making its wheels disappear into the armoured, bullet-proof exterior.
in addition, the speed camera's in-built alarm system is designed to protect it from vandalism.
since 2015, according to Vitronic, the trailer has been tested in various federal states and is now also used in them.
foreign authorities are also using the new technology for speed cameras: recently France ordered 100 of them, after ordering 150 the year before.
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them take gold
great Britain's impressive run in the rugby 7s was brought to a crashing halt at the final hurdle by Fiji in the final on Thursday night when they were comprehensively beaten 43-7 at the Deodoro Stadium here in Rio.
Fiji gave a masterclass in handling, off-loading, side-stepping, support play, running lines and brute strength to win gold - their first Olympic medal of any colour.
defeat came with the non-too shabby consolation of silver - Britain's third of the day - and they could be proud of their efforts in the inaugural Olympic 7s tournament in which they beat New Zealand, Argentina and South Africa along the way.
the bruising beating of the Boks, 7-5 in the semi-final earlier in the day, may have come back to bite them in the final.
but, regardless, Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15-man team.
it may be some consolation to GB - but probably not - that at least one Briton will have a gold medal around his neck tomorrow: Fiji's head coach is Ben Ryan, the former England boss from Wimbledon.
it has been some journey for GB.
eight years ago, under Ryan, they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens.
here, they lost just one.
this hammering will hurt but the progress is startling.
Fiji started magnificently, bouncing off GB tackles for fun.
it was like running into a series of moving buses for captain Tom Mitchell and co and the World Series champions went 5-0 up when Osea Kolinisau dived over in the corner.
with four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing, which was converted.
12-0 and GB had hardly touched the ball.
a superb Mitchell tackle stopped the man-mountain Leone Nakarawa from scoring a third but it was only delaying Fiji.
on seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17-0 to the bad.
Nakarawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock ... in the first half.
Vatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score.
the conversion made it 29-0 at the break.
it was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s, while GB are still learning the trade.
which is pretty much how it is.
GB made wholesale changes at half-time and they plugged the Fijian dam...for all of four minutes, which by first-half standards was good, until Josua Tuisova went over after some brilliant Fijian interplay.
Dan Norton grabbed a try for GB, touching down in the left corner to make it 36-7 but the game was long gone the way of the South Sea Islanders whose fans sang, waved flags and danced in the stands.
it was hard not to admire Fiji's whole joyful approach.
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn't need icing with another try in the dying moments.
the whistle went, the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf, thoroughly beaten.
earlier in the day, Fiji had beaten Japan 20-5 in their semi-final and GB edged South Africa in a tight semi-final of one try each - Britain's conversion the difference.
Kyle Brown put the Boks ahead in the first half but Dan Norton with some dazzling footwork broke the line and scored under the posts in the second half.
a brilliant late tackle from Marcus Watson, brother of England's 15-aside team, Anthony, secured the win - and ultimately the silver medal.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach's cancer battle
there will not be a more emotive gold at these games, and that is saying something.
from the first stroke to the last, 220 punishing heaves into history, Helen Glover and Heather Stanning found added meaning in their golden moment at the Estacio da Lagoa.
though they were the two pulling on the oars, there were three voices in that boat, the echo of coach Robin Williams ever present as they powered to a second successive Olympic gold in the women's pairs, the first females in the annals of British sport to scale such a height.
their dominance was absolute, after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten, again unprecedented.
what we see, two brilliant athletes skating over the surface with the elegance of swans, does not wholly reflect the nature of the triumph.
behind every rowing gold is a battalion of willing hands contributing the incremental gains that make the difference, and no hands were more instrumental than those of a coach who 30 months ago did not know whether he would live to see this day when diagnosed with cancer.
as he said, it was touch and go.
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did.
if they don't it goes everywhere.
it would have been a pretty bad situation.
it alters your outlook a bit.
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013.
the trio were fortunate that he was able to begin his treatment at the start of 2014 out of season, keeping the disruption to a minimum, if that is ever the right expression in circumstances such as these.
I needed to get paid so I had to get better quickly.
it was an incentive.
I was in hospital and I was walking around the ward - 20ft, 30ft 50ft at a time when they were saying a few steps is enough.
that's how it starts off.
rowing in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger.
in the immediacy of victory their first thoughts were for Williams, who had spent a nervy morning talking a little more than usual in an attempt to process his own anxieties.
Stanning, a captain in the Royal artillery regiment with a tour of Afghanistan behind her, said "I've been an emotional wreck this week, maybe that's a bit extreme, but it means such a lot."
it just reiterates how much this means to me, how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well.
it's been a fantastic three years back with Helen and Robin.
without Robin we would be nobody, so a massive thanks to him he's the best coach in the world.
I couldn't have asked for a better person to train with, or a better coach.
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven't lost a race in five years.
the pair set a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match.
even in the final 500 metres when the crews from New Zealand and Denmark began to close, Stanning and Glover had too much in reserve.
we were very much in the moment.
Helen was calling 'stay in the process, stay in the process'.
it's really important not to get carried away.
we had a good start and at the same time we weren't looking to do anything amazing.
we weren't looking for fireworks today, we were just looking to do a good row and to go out and win that race, which we did.
the pair will take a year before deciding their futures.
Glover has a wedding to attend next month, her own to television adventurer Steve Backshall.
for now she just wants to enjoy the moment.
I didn't want to say this was my last race.
that would have meant too much pressure.
in London it took about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion.
it was all so new and I was so stressed.
here it took about four minutes.
this feels so much better," she said.
setting a clear example for 31 years
the Managing Director of the "Veitensteingruppe" Water Supply Association, Rupert Göller, is retiring.
the Assocation "sets an example for the entirety of Bavaria."
a small Franconian drinking water supply association as a role-model for the large water producers.
that was how the association was described in a segment on Bavarian radio.
a little later, the Water Forum of the government of Lower Franconia praised the Association.
the Veitensteingruppe's work was described as "setting an example for the entirety of Bavaria."
Rupert Göller is behind it all: he worked as an employee of the Association for 31 years, and has been its Managing Director for 28.
he has now gone into retirement at the age of 65.
the Veitensteingruppe Drinking Water Supply Association has its headquarters in Kottendorf in the commune of Breitbrunn, and provides 150,000 cubic metres of water annually, supplying 32 villages and hamlets with around 5,500 inhabitants.
the communes of Kirchlauter, Breitbrunn, Lauter, Ebelsbach and the municipality of Baunach are also members.
water supply contracts are in place for additional municipalities and communes.
current chairman, Breitbrunn's mayoress Gertrud Bühl (FW), looks back to when Ruper Göller was brought on as a water officer in 1985, and was promoted to Managing Director of the Association as soon as 1988.
"His tasks were very varied, ranging from constructing water pipes and performing maintenance work through to office and organisational tasks, budget planning, calculating fees and contributions, through to getting involved in emergencies at weekends," the chairman said.
she pointed out some exceptional successes, including commissioning and opening the new spring (1994), purchasing land near the new spring (1998), compensating farmers, renovating the elevated tanks (1999), creating a new computer management system (2004), and renewing some of the water pipes.
things never stopped, and renovations were always underway: water means life, and drinking water is the most important foodstuff of all.
in her laudatory speech, she praised Göller's loyal, reliable, and upstanding service over 31 years.
he put his heart and soul into the Water Supply Association, and lived for it as if it were his own company.
a few weeks ago he gave a presentation at the Water Forum for the District of Lower Franconia as a true practitioner of the Veitensteingruppe's successful nitrate reduction concept.
he received considerable appreciation and praise for this.
for his part, Rupert Göller praised water officer Alfons Griebel, who had worked alongside him for 28 years.
he is the best water officer, and he was a loyal lad.
together, we were an unbeatable team.
from his perspective, the high point was the construction of the spring and the restructuring of the Association.
however, the largest challenge and most difficult shift was when the pipe broke on the Kirchlauter elevated tank on 3 January one year.
we had to work through the night at minus 17 degrees to ensure the locality would be supplied with water.
even the supply from the new spring was sometimes only maintained because the elevated tank at Pettstadt was filled by hosepipe.
the management of the Drinking Water Supply Association was passed to Daniel Stürmer from Lauter, who will be Rupert Göller's successor.
soprano Anna Netrebko is open about her son Tiago's autism - and addresses other parents affected by the disease: "You must be brave enough to talk about it."
"Medicine has come a long way," the 44-year-old said to Italian newspaper "Corriere della Sera."
when her son was diagnosed with the disease, she thought she would die.
Tiago is now eight years old and has made great strides, being schooled privately in New York, where the best therapists are located.
"to give an example: If I ask him what happened two years ago when I sang at Milan's La Scala, he can't remember anything," Netrebko said.
but he is the happiest person on earth.
Tiago is the offspring of Netrebko's liaison with bass-baritone Erwin Schrott.
she is now married to tenor Yusif Eyvazov.
crime passionelle in Bargteheide - man shoots his partner
a 35-year-old man shot and fatally wounded his partner on Friday around 10.45 a.m. in an apartment building in Bargeteheide (in the district of Stormarn).
"the man himself called up and admitted to having shot his partner," a police spokeswoman said.
the perpetrator is on the run, she said, and he is officially being sought.
this search is now happening across Germany, because Sven S. might be travelling by car.
the man is around 1.8 m tall, muscular, sun-tanned, and has a bald patch.
the police have now issued a photo of him.
but it is a couple of years old.
the man now has a bald patch.
the man should not be approached.
the police believe he may still be carrying a weapon.
anyone who sees Sven S. should call 110.
the police are talking of a "crime passionelle."
the victim was apparently born in 1988, the perpetrator in 1981.
the police force in Lübeck dealing with the crime initially did not want to disclose any information on the crime or the relationship between the perpetrator and the victim, but it confirmed that a person had been killed.
"It is a homicide."
"We are not saying any more at this time," a police spokeswoman in Lübeck said.
according to eyewitnesses, a Swat team was at the scene.
steel - There's a ray of hope for the German steel industry
the German steel industry has been riddled with crises and uses a lot of energy - but it has been spared additional costs that could have run into the millions.
the sector had been threatened by financial burdens for the promotion of green energy, but these are now off the table.
Federal Minister of the Economy Sigmar Gabriel (SPD) told the "Westdeutsche Allgemeine Zeitung" (WAZ) newspaper on Friday that the exemption from the renewable energies levy would remain in place for electricity self-supply for pre-existing plants within the German steel industry.
"I am truly delighted by the fact that we have finally reached an agreement after two years of intense negotiations."
the European Commission had originally planned to make steel manufacturers, who use the gases from their blast furnaces to generate electricity for their own use, pay a levy.
according to the German association for the sector, the steel industry was threatened with additional costs ranging from 120 to 240 million euros a year.
Gabriel told WAZ that a basic agreement had now been reached with the EU Commission, following discussions with Margrethe Vestager, the Commissioner for Competition.
the EEG levy of 20 percent is now only due when the generators in the steelworks are replaced.
this too will not be levied against the steel industry.
IG Metall welcomed the agreement Germany had reached with the EU Commission on electricity self-generation.
the agreement sees the status quo of the previous ruling largely formalised.
Gabriel's positive efforts are particularly important for the steel industry.
"It is the first step within our "steel is the future" campaign."
"This needs to be followed by other steps."
"climate targets and employment objectives also need to be taken into account during negotiations to reform emissions allowances," explained IG Metall's CEO, Jörg Hofmann, in Frankfurt.
since the financial crisis of 2008, Europe's steel sector has suffered from overcapacities and considerable pressure in terms of pricing.
the situation only worsened over the past year when the world' biggest producer, China, dumped steel into the global market en masse as a result of weakening domestic demand.
European manufacturers accuse Chinese steel firms of price dumping.
the situation improved slightly during spring of this year.
on the one hand, import taxes started to have an impact on imported steel, on the other, economic prospects in China brightened up.
it is not clear how long prices will remain perked up for.
the German sector leader, Thyssenkrupp, was cautious on Thursday.
prices had plateaued recently, he said.
the sector is reacting to the tricky situation by reducing prices further.
Thyssenkrupp also did not want to rule out closing individual plants.
at the end of 2015, around 86,000 people were employed in Germany's steel industry.
despite rising prices and increasing orders, German steel manufacturers remained cautious in July.
at 3.4 million tons, they produced a good six percent less raw steel than in the corresponding month in the previous year, as the steel association reported on Friday.
after a brief spike in May, the amounts produced shrunk for a second consecutive month.
since the start of the year, production has been two percent less than the value for the equivalent period in the previous year.
the association is expecting output to increase over the next few months thanks to an improved situation in terms of orders.
community, mind, health: singing is good for the elderly
singing has been a constant throughout Ursel Kipp's entire life: as a young girl she sang in her school choir, when she was studying to be a teacher she took music classes, and today, the 78-year-old sings in a choir for the elderly.
"Singing moves me - emotionally and physically," she describes.
after a rehearsal, she feels balanced, happy, and generally more alive, she says.
and additionally, she's doing something good for her health and her mind.
singing is a great hobby for the elderly for a host of reasons, says Erhard Hackler from the German Association for the elderly.
most elderly people sing in a choir and share the enjoyment they get from music with like-minded people, says Hackler.
by regularly spending time with others, the elderly can build and maintain social contacts.
social and familial structures often weaken as people grow older - so choir is a perfect way to spend time with other people.
Ursel Kipp has also experienced this in her choir: "Arranging and organising things with people, being able to rely on others and learn from them - a choir is a really unique way of being together with other people."
singing can be demanding in the positive sense, Hackler thinks.
this is because it teaches the elderly to breathe deeply and in a controlled manner.
if you push your lungs to their limits regularly, you will not run out of breath as quickly in day-to-day life.
and if you are interested in keeping the sound of your voice as you age, too, singing is the perfect hobby.
singing often has a really special effect on older people, says Ursula LEnz from the German Association of Senior Citizens' associations.
for older generations, singing together is seen as more important, it was part of their daily life both at school and in their leisure time, she explains.
Lenz often sees that singing or listening to songs often triggers memories in older people that are often connected to positive emotions from their youth.
song texts, and melodies in particular, can even be used to help patients with dementia to remember things from far back in their past.
singing also demands particular mental exertion, explains Lenz.
concentrating on one's own voice and a set rhythm, while adapting to the other singers - that is a huge cognitive challenge.
in particular, older people who live alone can practice how to focus on people other than themselves.
another positive aspect is the recognition gained by singing in a choir, Hackler thinks.
a happy audience is great praise.
even one's self-esteem is boosted by singing in a choir.
being able to show yourself that by practising for a long time, you can improve and grow - this experience gives you strength.
so there are enough good reasons to start singing.
if you want to try a new hobby, don't delay - even if you think you've not got much talent, Lenz suggests.
you're not singing by yourself - and in a group of 50 people singing, who'll hear if a note's out here or there?
the elderly have many options when looking for the right fit, says Hackler.
if someone you know already sings in a choir for the elderly, you can just go along with them.
in addition, many towns offer an overview of the choirs in their region.
if you want to sing in a church choir, you can approach the parish or churchwarden directly.
many choirs for the elderly can also be found online.
if you don't have access to the internet, you can ask your family, friends or neighbours to help you look things up online.
if you're interested in singing, you should absolutely join a choir, Hackler thinks.
singing is good for the soul and is a kind of release - no matter how old you are.
female cats react more sensitively than male cats to the mewls of their kittens
biologists in Hanover have researched the effect kittens' cries have on adult animals.
to their surprise, the miaowing didn't leave the male cats unaffected - but, compared to their female counterparts, they always acted the same way.
female cats can tell how agitated kittens are by their miaowing.
they react ten percent quicker to kittens who sound to be in great distress, the scientists from the Veterinary University and Medical University of Hanover discovered.
male cats do respond to kittens' cries - but always to the same extent.
"It is clear that the acoustic differences between the miaows of kittens that are more or less agitaged are either imperceptible or unimportant for male cats," the biologists Wiebke Konerding, from MHH, said.
she is the first author of the study published in the "BMC Evolutionary biology" specialist journal this Friday.
in a previous experiment the research team had already discovered that the duration and pitch of a kitten's miaow changes depending on how urgently they need help.
nine adult male cats and eight female cats from the MHH's animal husbandry programme were examined.
Firstly, they were played the sound of a kitten who had been taken from the birthing box and separated from its mother and siblings for three minutes.
then they were played the sound of a more agitated cat, which had also been lifted up.
despite the low sample size, the researchers believe the results to be significant.
"all females, even those who did not have their offspring, were able to differentiate between miaows," said Konerding.
they turned towards the speaker quicker if it was playing the sound of a highly agitated kitten.
this ability may be innate, or may develop as the animal reaches sexual maturity.
"one surprise was that the male cats reacted at all," the biologist said.
in the past, scientists have researched women's and men's reactions to babies' cries on multiple occasions.
even in this field a few studies showed that woman reacted more sensitively to infants, regardless of whether they had their own children or not, the biologist Marina Scheumann reported.
Podolski and "Gala" are shooting for the Supercup
Hakan Sükür is a football legend in Turkey.
an arrest warrant has been issued in Turkey for the former football star Hakan Sükür.
he is accused of being a member of a terrorist organisation.
an important football match is taking place in Turkey for the first time following the attempted coup.
ahead of the duel between arch-rivals Besiktas Istanbul and Lukas Podolski's Galatasaray Istanbul for the Supercup in Konya, the official line is clear: "business as usual."
even when announcing the state of emergency after the attempted coup in July, the government emphasised that this would not affect citizens' daily life.
this does not apply to those people suspected of being followers of the imam Fethulla Gülen, who is believed to be responsible for the attempted coup.
and this doesn't stop for football.
the state prosecutor has issued a warrant for the arrest of former star striker Hakan Sükür.
Sükür, who now lives in America, is accused of being a member of a terrorist organisation.
Sükür is accused of being a follower of the imam Fethullah Gülen, whom President Recep Tayyip Erdogan holds responsible for the attempted coup.
while the state of emergency, declared for ninety days, will continue until October, it is having practically no effect on the lives of most Turks.
on Wednesday, Erdogan announced that the night-time "democracy vigils" in public places across the country have come to an end.
the sport - like the entire country - is divided into those who support Erdogan, and those who do not.
fans of the workers' club Besiktas, in particular, are not traditionally counted among the President's friends.
however, the strict rejection of military coups is what brings most Turks together, in the light of dramatic historical events.
and even the fans can agree on that - whether their hearts beat for Galatasaray or Besiktas.
for cup winners Gala, it will once again depend on Lukas Podolski.
the Cologne native has proved his sporting value over the last season: with 17 goals and nine assists across all competitions, the 31-year-old closed his first season as his club's top scorer.
in the final game against Fenerbahce, he scored the goal that led to a 1-0 victory.
the "Fanatik" newspaper praised him, saying "he was the best player on the pitch."
he finished the season in style, and secured the cup for his team.
thanks to "Poldi," the disappointing season for the record-holders came to a happy end.
after their knockout in the heats for the Champions League, the "Lions" also left the Europa League early on.
they only reached sixth place in the Süper Lig.
the season was not good.
the cup was the only chance to win something.
"We did it - and that's the most important thing," said Podolski.
winners Besiktas saw a better year of play.
this is mainly thanks to Mario Gomez, who laid the groundwork for their fourteenth title with 26 matches in the season as the Süper Lig's star goalkeeper.
this is also why fans are hoping that the 31-year-old returns.
Gomez, under contract at AC Florenz and only on loan to Besktas, announced after the attempted coup that he would not return to the country after his European Championship holiday due to the political situation.
"But if Mario wants to come here, all he has to do is say," "Kicker" specialist magazine quoted club chairman Fikret Orman as saying.
however, the star would have to be prepared to give up around a third of his annual salary, estimated at 7.5 million euros, as Orman made clear: "We cannot pay the salary that Florenz do."
despite doping: These athletes are still in with a chance of winning medals in Rio
Justin Gatlin, aged 34, has already been banned twice for doping (in 2001 and 2006).
Rio de Janeiro - whistleblower Julia Stepanowa is banned from taking her place on the start line.
other track athletes who have been found guilty can only laugh - they are in Rio competing for medals.
the issue of doping continues to hit the headlines during the Olympic Games in Rio.
the Russian swimmer Julija Jefimowa, who appealed against her doping conviction shortly before the games to enable herself to compete, was booed and shouted at as she started her 100-metre breaststroke race.
it was a bizarre scene: She waltzed into the pool with a smile plastered on her face, a deliberately provocative entrance.
as it became clear that she would not take the gold medal, the audience cheered enthusiastically.
but there are many other athletes preparing to line up on the start line at the Olympic Games in Rio despite having been involved in doping in the past.
here is an overview:
Justin Gatlin (100, 200, 4x100m relay/USA): The 34-year-old is one of the most controversial track athletes.
he has already been banned twice for doping (in 2001 and from 2006 to 2010).
since being banned, the 2004 Olympic champion and former World Champion is running faster than ever before: covering 100m in 9.80 seconds, he is the world number one, and is Usain Bolt's major challenger.
Shelly-Ann Fraser-Pryce (100, 4x100m relay/Jamaica): The two-time Olympic champion and seven-time World Champion was handed a six-month ban in 2010 after she was proved to have taken Oxycodone.
the 29-year-old defended herself by saying she had suffered with bad toothache after an operation.
Sandra Perkovic (discus/Croatia): in 2011, the 2012 Olympic Chamption, 2013 World Champion and 2010-2016 European Champion tested positive for the banned stimulant methyhexaminine.
Perkovic said that she had not knowingly taken the drug, and was banned for six months.
this year's four longest throws were by the woman tipped for gold.
LaShawn Merrit (200, 400 4x400m relay/USA): Champion at the Beijing Olympics and two-time 400m World Champion, Merrit tested positive in 2010 and was banned for 21 months.
Merritt claimed that a penis enlargement drug was to blame.
this year, the 30-year-old is the fastest man in the world in the 200m and the 400m.
Ivan Tichon (hammer, Belarus): There is hardly another athlete who has been retrospectively stripped of so many medals.
Tichon lost his 2005 World Championship title nine years later after he was proved to have been involved in testosterone doping.
now 40 years old, he was also stripped of his 2004 Olympic silver medal for doping with steroids, and his 2006 European Champion title for testosterone misuse.
his bronze medal from the 2008 Olympics was also taken away, but it was returned to him following a decision by the International Court of Arbitration for Sport, CAS.
with 80.04m he is at second place in the global rankings.
Liu Hong (20km walking, China): The world record holder and favourite to win gold tested positive as far back as May, but will still be on the start line in Rio.
the 29-year-old world champion revealed traces of a banned dietary supplement, but the World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) 's ban was lenient, and ended as early as July 13.
bomb terror in Thailand - One Austrian woman injured - Several dead
the Austrian Embassy in Thailand is in contact with the woman, Thomas Schnöll, the spokesperson for the Foreign Ministry, said early on Friday morning.
she has some cuts, he says, and was treated in hospital, but has already been able to leave hospital.
she plans to return home at the start of September.
it is currently unclear whether other Austrian citizens have been affected by the other explosions on the holiday island of Phuket or in the southern cities of Surat Thani, Phang Nga, Trang and Chumpon.
according to Schnöll, the Foreign Ministry is in constant contact with local authorities as a result.
Hua Hin, located around 200 kilometres south of the capital city, Bangkok, two bombs went off in the nightlife district on Thursday evening.
according to police reports, a Thai woman was killed and around 20 people injured, including the Austrian woman, three Germans, three people from Holland and three Italians.
there were another two explosions early on Friday morning, with another person killed, according to the authorities.
a bomb explosion was also reported in Phuket early in the morning.
police reports state that a taxi driver was injured in the explosion, which occurred near Patong beach, popular with holidaymakers.
another bomb exploded in Surat Thani on the country's south-east coast, which led to the death of a civil servant.
according to the authorities, the explosive device was launched from a flower bed on the edge of the coastal police's territory.
finally, explosions in Phang Nga and Trang on the South-West coast and in Chumphon on the south-east coast caused several casualties.
there is apparently a connection with the explosions in Hua Hin.
"the bomb attacks bear the same signature," said Army General Danai Kritmethavee to journalists early on Friday morning.
"We are assuming that the attacks were coordinated."
it is too early to speculate on possible motives, he says - however, it is probably the actions of Muslim rebels.
the Thai media also wanted to see a pattern in the attacks that was typical of Islamic separatists in the south of the country.
however, the Thai police issued a statement that the attacks were not connected with the Islamist resistance movement or with global terrorism.
"It is just local sabotage, limited to particular areas and provinces," said a spokesperson in Bangkok.
it is more reasonable to assume that the bombs were set off by opponents of the military junta currently ruling the country.
over the past few days, the authorities have received notification from the security services about attacks planned in the south of the country - but they do not know when and where exactly the attacks are planned for.
it is still apparently unclear who is behind the attacks.
the police told civil servants across the entire country to increase security around important governmental buildings, along with airports, railway stations, tourist attractions, restaurants and nightlife districts.
small-scale bombings are a frequent occurrence in Thailand, but they are rarely directed at tourists.
there is a palace in Hua Hin that was used by Thailand's King Bhumibol Adulyadej for years.
after the recent bomb explosions, the Austrian Foreign Ministry has issued a recommendation on its homepage that Austrians follow the instructions from the Thai security agencies at all times.
the provinces of Narathiwat, Yala, Pattani and Songhkla, along with Preah Vihear and its surroundings, have been issued with a high security alert (security level 3).
after skirmishes between security forces and Muslim sectors of the population, people are advised against all but essential travel to these districts.
the rest of the country is on an increased security alert (security level 2).
the attacks on Thursday and Friday came just a few days after a controversial referendum on a constitution drawn up by the military junta.
this will give the military large-scale influence even in the years to come.
the Head of the junta, and Prime Minister, Prayut Chan-o-cha said that the bombs were an attempt to create chaos when the country was heading towards stability, an improved economic climate and tourism.
the military junta took power in 2014 after a period of bloody unrest, and believes that it has led the kingdom back to stability and order.
however, the military has not managed to quell the latent resistance brewing with Muslim rebels in the southern edges of the country.
more than 6,500 people have been killed in the conflict so far.
a little under a year ago, 20 people were killed in an attack on a popular Hindu shrine in Bankok - the majority of whom were foreign tourists.
it was the most bloody attack in the country's recent history.
the Federal Office for the Protection of the Constitution has the right-wing "Identitäre Bewegung" movement in its sights.
after several regional authorities had done so, the body charged with protecting the constitution across Germany has also put the group on a watchlist.
"in terms of the "Identitäre Bewegung" movement, we can see clear indicators of efforts against the free, democratic order," said Hans-Georg Maaßen, head of constitutional protection, to the German press agency in Berlin.
Muslim migrants or migrants from the Middle East were vilified in an extremist manner.
that is why we will also be monitoring the movement from henceforth.
the "Identitäre Bewegung" is a group with French roots that has been active in Germany since 2012.
it fights against "multicultural madness," "uncontrolled mass immigration" and "the loss of national identity through foreigners."
bodies protecting the constitution across nine federal states - Bremen, Bavarian, Hesse, Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, North Rhine-Westphalia, Lower Saxony, Saxony and Thuringia - already have the "Identitäre" under observation.
Maaßen said that his authority had worked closely with regional authorities to come to its decision.
"Groups such as the "Identitäre Bewegung" are trying to approach their target group on their level," said the head of constitutional protection.
in general, extremists attempt to speak to them in young people's own language, often with pop music.
radical Islamists and right-wing extremists both do this.
it's not calm advertisement for the actual matter at hand.
this propaganda is designed to provoke an emotional response in people.
young people are particularly vulnerable to this.
this is dangerous.
recently, there have been reports from several federal states pointing out contact between members of the "Identitäre" movement and AfD politicians.
Maaßen said he had no information on this.
in terms of constitutional protection, potential contact of this kind only becomes relevant from a certain point, he says.
it depends on whether the party in question - in this case, the AfD - changes its focus and becomes extremist as a result of particular people who are extremists.
therefore, the decisive factor is whether these people exert a controlling influence over the party.
this has not been noted.
with regard to the clear increase in right-wing crimes and attacks on asylum seekers and refugee shelters, Maaßen said that he would not yet speak of a new right-wing terrorism.
but, over the past few years, we have determined that right-wing terrorist structures can exist.
there was the "Old School Society" group or the "Freitaler Group."
it can absolutely be the case that additional right-wing terrorist groups or small gatherings come to exist, and plan attacks on asylum seekers, refugee shelters, or for other far-right motives.
however, there is no Germany-wide or Europe-wide control of far-right terrorism that we can discern.
the groups that have existed to date have arisen on a regional level or via social networks.
Maaßen expressed concern that many attacks were perpetrated by people who had previously not been involved in the far-right scene.
that is frightening.
many of those suspected of carrying out the attacks on asylum centers were not viewed as criminals, politically motivated perpetrators or members of the far-right scene.
"This means that many people have committed crimes who previously paid the far-right no heed, who might have been politically indifferent or voted for the CDU, SPD or the Left, who were then radicalised by far-right sensationalism."
Rio 2016: Robel Kiros Habte becomes an Internet sensation
Olympic athletes or world records aren't always the only things to hit the headlines at the Olympic Games.
this is shown by Robel Kiros Habte's brave performance at the summer games in Rio de Janeiro.
in the Aquatics Centre, the slightly overweight swimmer from Ethiopia swam so slowly that, sometimes, it was impossible to see him in the televised images.
he just disappeared - no matter how wide a perspective was used.
Habte finally become a viral internet sensation on social networks.
the 24-year-old completed his heat 48 seconds slower than the next-fastest competitor, taking place 59 out of 59.
however, it was his not-quite sporty figure that caught the eye of the international media.
why was the 24-year-old taking part in the Olympic Games?
the Ethiopian was given special permission to take part by the international swimming federation.
this is given out to popularise swimming in underrepresented countries.
because most athletes from Ethiopia run, Habte wanted to do something different.
preparation is everything: Robel Kiros Habte prepared himself for the big race.
the first nicknames were soon doing the rounds.
some media outlets dubbed him "Robel the Whale."
with reference to his "flabby stomach," the British tabloid "The Sun" mocked his "Dad Bod."
his time, almost one minute and five seconds for the 100 metre freestyle, played no part in this.
comparisons were also made with "Eric the Eel."
at the 2000 Olympic Games in Sydney, Eric Moussambani's race also drew media attention.
the performance of the swimmer from Equatorial Guinea was unforgettable: he had to swim his 100 metre freestyle heat all on his own.
Moussambani was then greeted by wild cheering.
he was 22 years old at the time, and had learnt to swim eight months before the Olympics - and had never managed such a long distance before the competition began.
a front-row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library
learn more about the history of downtown's Central Library as the Society of Architectural Historians/Southern California Chapter hosts a salon with Arnold Schwartzman and Stephen Gee, authors of the new book "los Angeles Central Library: A History of its Art and Architecture" .
Gee and Schwartzman are scheduled to discuss and share images of the 1926 Bertram Goodhue design as well as the 1993 restoration and addition by hardy Holzman Pfeiffer Associates.
the salon is set for 2 p.m. to 4 p.m. on Aug. 21 in the Salle Moderne at the Art Deco Southwestern School of Law, (formerly Bullocks Wilshire), 3050 Wilshire Blvd.
attendees can tour the Central Hall, Period rooms, Cactus Lounge and Tea room.
advance tickets are required; SAH/SCC members, $15; non-members, $25.
an open, industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover
celebrating L.A.'s Central library's 90th birthday with - what else? - a new book
Geretsried - theft from the owner of a shop on the Neuen Platz.
according to the police, the 67-year-old woman from Geretsried left her shop around 5.30 p.m. on Monday, and forgot to close a ground-floor window.
when she returned the next morning at around 8.15 a.m. around 250 euros was missing from the till.
there was no trace of the perpetrator.
the shop did not have CCTV.
Trump is not taking the threat of election defeat too seriously
the Republican candidate for the presidency, Donald Trump, spoke out at an election event in Florida.
if things don't work out with the presidential election, Donald Trump already has a plan B in place.
he would go on holiday.
Donald Trump wouldn't really mind if he lost the US presidential election in November: "Either it'll work out, or I'll go on a long, long holiday," the Republican candidate said in an telephone interview with US television channel CNBC.
if he doesn't make it because of political correctness, that's OK, Trump said.
for example, he called US President Barack Obama, and the Democratic candidate, Hillary Clinton, the founders of terrorist militia Islamic State (IS).
within his party, resistance continues to grow.
the postal service gets on board with electric vehicles
Detusche Post's electric truck in action.
other companies are clearly interested in the vehicle.
the postal service is also planning to sell its StreetScooter electric vehicle.
soon the company will start retailing the vehicle.
the postal service wants to bring its electric vehicle to the free automotive market from next year.
"We want to start selling it to third parties," a postal service spokesman said on Friday.
for months the company has been examining whether the StreetScooter it developed, which is used to deliver letters and parcels, could be sold to other sectors as well.
managing Director of the postal service Jürgen Gerdes said that there was always demand from tradesmen.
according to information in "Der Spiegel," a news magazine, the Bonn-based company will soon start mass production of the vehicle.
the company is planning to use its own factories to build up to 10,000 vehicles per year, per level.
Gerdes announced that the company wanted to increase the size of its fleet of electric cars considerably, and that its long-term aim was to switch over completely to these environmentally friendly vehicles.
"We will take a very, very strong step towards 2020," he said at the end of July.
I can imagine that we will switch over the entire fleet.
the StreetScooter has been out and about on Germany's roads since 2014.
GfK managing director steps down after disappointing figures
consumer research firm GfK is replacing its managing director Matthias Hartmann.
his resignation came swiftly - but it was not a complete surprise.
the tricky situation in which market research firm GfK finds itself made it self-evident that Managing Director Matthias Harmann's seat became more and more unstable the longer the success he promised failed to materialise.
turbulence at the top of Nuremberg's market research firm GfK: After another round of disappointing figures and the resignation of the managing director, the firm, fifth in its sector globally, is on the brink of a personal new start.
GfK's managing director wants to leave the company at the end of the year.
the managing director of GfK's supervisory board, Arno Mahlert, has already announced that he will be leaving the supervisory committee with effect from 12 September.
the company announced that Gerhard Hausruckinger, who is currently a member of the board of directors, will take over the management of the board on 1 September.
officially, he will take on the role of "Board spokesman" until Hartmann's successor has been found.
the company cited "different viewpoints" on long-term business direction as the reason behind the resignation.
a company spokesman did not give further details on Friday.
it is currently not clear who will head up the market research firm in the future.
in investment circles, on Friday it was said that shareholders were greatly disappointed by the lack of success following the restructuring programme implemented years ago.
Mr Hartman has headed up GfK since 2011.
"the benefits of the restructuring programme will only become visible after 5 years," he said.
as a result of GfK's recent poor figures, every shareholder would be a little unsettled, he said.
"If that were the case at BMW, the quants would be too," he said.
after suffering losses in the previous quarters, the company was unable to stop losing money in the second quarter of 2016.
at 361.2 million euros, turnover was 6.1 lower than it had been in the same quarter of the previous year.
compared to the first six months of the year, turnover (721.2 million euros) had shrunk by 3.4 percent.
the company's reduced value because of the difficult economic climate had impacted second-quarter profits, in particular.
the goodwill amortisation of 139 million euros required for the consumer experience sector was provided by the company, leading to a final loss of 148.2 million euros.
in the second quarter of 2015, GfK had made a profit of 19.7 million.
incident - Bus slips into a ditch in Krummhörn: eight people injured
on Thursday, an accident involving a coach carrying 43 elderly people in Krummhörn (district of Aurich) led to eight people being injured.
two of the passengers suffered serious injuries, the police reported.
the 66-year-old bus driver, employed by a coach company based in Eisenach, said that she had to swerve to avoid an oncoming lorry that was partly on the wrong side of the road.
the bus came off the right-hand side of the road, and skidded into a ditch, a spokeswoman for the police force of Aurich/Wittmund reported.
"as a result of the way the bus was positioned, people were not able to leave the bus on their own," she said.
the fire brigade freed the passengers.
six rescue vehicles and an ambulance were in attendance at the scene of the accident on the no.2 road.
Uninjured passengers were transported back to Krummhörn's Pewsum district by regular bus.
they waited there until a replacement bus was sent by the coach company.
investigators are asking the lorry driver and any witnesses to make themselves known to the police.
from 1 October 2016, fees per cubic metre of sewage for the area covered by the sewage plant at Neudorf/Reuth/Welschenkahl will be 3.44 euros instead of 2.10 euros as previously, 3.36 euros (previously 2.26 euros) for Zultenberg/Lindenberg/Lopp, and 3.64 euros (previously 2.18 euros) for Azendorf.
the sewage fee for the sewage works in Azendorf will be raised again if it is necessary to carry out improvement works.
according to an estimated calculation, sewage fees in Azendorf will then come to 4.37 euros per cubic metre.
as mayor Bernd Steinhäuser (CSU) reported, when the district administration of Kulmbach approved the budget, it was determined that these sewage plants were underfunded.
the market town of Kasendorf is legally obliged to run the sewage works so that they break even.
from 1 October 2016, individuals and commercial and industrial enterprises from Welschenkahl, Neudorf, Reuth, Azendorf, Lopp, Lindenberg and Zultenberg will have to dig a little deeper.
the fee increases range from 48 to 67 percent.
as administrative director Herbert Schmidt showed the committee, it was necessary to recalculate the fees for the sewage plants serving the market town.
between October 2016 and September 2020, overfunding and underfunding from the previous calculation period will be balanced out.
Schmidt justifies the major fee increases by saying that all three sewage plants are relatively small and deal with a very small amount of waste, namely between 6800 and 12000 cubic metres a pear.
as a result of the low distribution, expenses for critical repairs amounting to several thousand euros, for example, seem Major.
in addition, the amount of sewage arriving at all three plants is gradually decreasing.
Furthermore, the previous calculation period did not include renovation and repair works to a great extent for all three treatment plants, not least because of their age.
the plant in Azendorf is nearly 30 years old, the plants in Welschenkahl, Neudorf and Reuth, as well as Zultenberg, Lindenberg and Lopp are almost 20 years old.
Schmidt pointed out that the waste treatment plant at Azendorf needed to have its mechanical ventilation system replaced because of damage.
the conveyor system in the pumping station at Welschenkahl is almost 20 years old, and needs to be completely overhauled; the first clarification pond in the pond treatment plant at Lopp has been operational for almost 20 years and now needs to be dredged, its sewage sludge removed, and an additional ventilation system incorporated to ensure that it will be in line with water law regulations in the future.
Schmidt: "These extraordinary expenses were also coupled with perpetual support and maintenance costs that are to be taken into account in the new calculation period."
the same is true for electricity costs: in the previous calculations for 2011/2012, they are far below their current levels.
Steinhäuser pointed out that, even with a low amount of sewage coming to the three plants, the expenses for running and maintaining them "were significantly impacted."
as a result, Schmidt expanded, the market town had been saved from large maintenance costs for the sewage treatment plants over the past 20 years.
from Steinhäuser's perspective, the plants mentioned will remain in a precarious situation in the long run, especially as the area covered by Friesenbachtal wastewater association cannot be expanded to include these plants because they are running at a deficit.
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months
inflation in Bulgaria was 1% on a monthly basis in July, national statistics show.
this is the highest value in years (since June 2012) and the first one above zero since October of last year when a positive 0.2% was posted.
the annual average inflation, measured by CPI, in the last 12 months (August 2015 - July 2016) compared to the previous 12 months (August 2014 - July 2015) was -0.8%.
the consumer price index in July 2016 compared to June 2016 was 101.0%, i.e. the monthly inflation was 1.0%.
the inflation rate since the beginning of the year (July 2016 compared to December 2015) has been -0.2% and the annual inflation in July 2016 compared to July 2015 was -0.2%.
in July 2016, compared to the previous month, an increase was observed in the price of the following groups of consumer goods: food and non-alcoholic beverages (1.7%); transport (1.8%); recreation and culture (6.3%); restaurants and hotels (1.2%); miscellaneous goods and services (0.3%).
prices decreased in clothing and footwear (2.2%); furnishings, household equipment and routine maintenance (0.5%); health (0.1%).
prices remained at the same level as in the previous month in alcoholic beverages and tobacco; housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuels; communications; and education.
Snapchat "Anime" Effect Is criticized as Asian Caricature
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime, but some observers say it's racially insensitive.
with its lens tool, Snapchat allows some 150 million daily users to alter reality and play with identity in ways that border on the absurd.
you can turn yourself into a pineapple, a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting.
the lenses are blunt, feature-warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day.
any missteps quickly enter the public record.
Snapchat lenses have drawn criticism in the past with accusations that the app was promoting blackface or encouraging whitened skin tones as an ideal of beauty.
so when it pushed a lens to some users this week that gave them slanted eyes, distorted teeth and puffy cheeks, some critics called it a racist caricature of Asian people - "yellowface."
and they wondered if these repeated controversies pointed to a larger problem that the company has with diversity.
the news and the outrage went wide on Wednesday, with reports by The verge and Motherboard, a day after Snapchat said it had dismantled the feature.
the company offered an explanation: The lens was meant as homage to anime characters, not as a caricature of Asian people.
but for observers who have experienced racism, the lens reminded them of hurtful stereotypes in action.
others roundly rejected the anime comparison.
in an email, Grace Sparapani, a Korean American art student whose tweet about the photos was widely shared, said that the lens was "hurtful and uncomfortable to say the least."
she added that "it's hard to argue with the side by side comparison of the very gross Asian caricature and the filter's effects.
it shows that the filter isn't just yellowface, but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme.
Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural tripwires.
American culture seems involved in an endless struggle over diversity and inclusion, from corporate boardrooms to Hollywood and the devices we all carry in our hands.
and Snapchat's huge audience of younger people - who are more racially diverse than their older counterparts - might mean that they are even more likely to expect sensitivity.
when one of Snapchat's lenses creates an image that is insulting to a user, 25-year-old Katie Zhu said in an interview on Thursday, "it's much harder for these types of things to go unnoticed like they did before."
on Thursday, Ms. Zhu, a product manager and engineer who works for medium, decided to delete her Snapchat account and encouraged others to do the same.
in an essay for Medium and in a telephone interview, she said she believed that the race-related controversies reflected a lack of diversity in hiring practices at Snapchat.
Ms. Zhu criticized the company's mostly white, all-male leadership and ended her essay with a hashtag: #DeleteSnapchat.
"It's either that they had no diverse representation of people of color on their staff to the point where they're able to make decisions like this," Ms. Zhu, who is Chinese-American, said, "or they do have some people of color who are working there, but they're not on positions where they feel safe or comfortable to speak up."
other observers share her view, a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered.
the company does not release figures about diversity on its staff, noting its status as a private company.
on Thursday, Snapchat declined to discuss the racial backgrounds of its staff, but according to a spokesman, the company recently hired a recruiter to focus on underrepresented populations and on driving inclusion efforts internally.
for her part, Ms. Zhu said she would keep her Snapchat account closed, adding, "I wonder if they actually need more users like us to be able to say that this is not O.K."
military Officials distorted ISIS Intelligence, Congressional Panel Says
officials from the United States Central Command altered intelligence reports to portray a more optimistic picture of the war against the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria than events on the ground warranted, a congressional panel said in a report issued Thursday.
the interim report, from a task force established by the Republican chairmen of the House Armed Services Committee, Intelligence Committee and Defense Appropriations subcommittee, found "widespread dissatisfaction" among Central Command intelligence analysts, who said superiors were doctoring their assessments of American efforts to defeat the Islamic State.
central Command, known as Centcom, is the military headquarters in Tampa, Fla., that oversees American military operations across the Middle East and Central Asia.
"intelligence products approved by senior CENTCOM leaders typically provided a more positive depiction of U.S. antiterrorism efforts than was warranted by facts on the ground and were consistently more positive than analysis produced by other elements of the intelligence community," a news release about the report said.
"What happened at CENTCOM is unacceptable - our war fighters suffer when bad analysis is presented to senior policy makers," said Representative Ken Calvert, Republican of California.
the leadership failures at CENTCOM reach to the very top of the organization.
the 10-page report detailed persistent problems in 2014 and 2015 in Central Command's description and analysis of American efforts to train Iraqi forces.
although it offers no definitive evidence that senior Obama administration officials ordered the reports to be doctored, it describes analysts as feeling as though they were under pressure from CENTCOM leaders to present a more optimistic view of the threat posed by the Islamic State, also known as ISIS or ISIL.
"Throughout the first half of 2015, many Central Command press releases, statements and congressional testimonies were significantly more positive than actual events," the report said.
for example, a CENTCOM official stated publicly that a major military assault to take back Mosul could begin as early as April or May 2015.
Mosul, Iraq's second-largest city, remains under the control of the Islamic State.
"After months of investigation, this much is very clear," Representative Mike Pompeo, Republican of Kansas, said in a statement.
from the middle of 2014 to the middle of 2015, the United States Central Command's most senior intelligence leaders manipulated the Command's intelligence products to downplay the threat from ISIS in Iraq.
Republicans created the task force after learning that analysts had raised concerns that intelligence about the Islamic State was being manipulated.
the report released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues.
there is an additional, ongoing investigation of CENTCOM intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general.
democratic members of the House Intelligence Committee released their own findings on Thursday that agreed with some of the conclusions of the Republican task force.
"Between 2014 and 2015, CENTCOM created an overly insular process for producing intelligence assessments on ISIL and Iraqi Security Forces," Representative Adam B. Schiff, the committee's top Democrat, said in a statement.
this process, Mr. Schiff said, "stalled the release of intelligence products," hurt morale among analysts and "insufficiently accommodated dissenting views."
but Mr. Schiff and the Democrats said they found no evidence that the White House tried to pressure CENTCOM analysts to fit their conclusions to a "preset or political narrative."
the preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily beast.
last August, The New York Times reported the existence of the Pentagon inspector general investigation, opened after complaints by CENTCOM analysts.
Lt. Cmdr. Patrick Evans, a Pentagon spokesman, said in a statement that the Defense Department would not comment on the congressional report while the inspector general's investigation continued.
but he said that "Experts sometimes disagree on the interpretation of complex data, and the intelligence community and Department of Defense welcome healthy dialogue on these vital national security topics."
the investigation has repercussions beyond the question of whether the American-led bombing campaign in Iraq and Syria is succeeding (an assertion now made by a growing number of Defense officials).
but last year's allegations called into question how much President Obama could rely on Central Command for honest assessments of military operations in Iraq, Afghanistan, Libya and other crisis spots.
the critiques on the Islamic State intelligence mirror disputes of more than a decade ago, when a CENTCOM intelligence analyst, Gregory Hooker, wrote a research paper saying that the administration of President George W. Bush, over many analysts" objections, advocated a small force in Iraq and spent little time thinking about what would follow the 2003 invasion.
Mr. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence.
last year, officials said, Mr. Hooker's team concluded that despite public statements to the contrary, airstrikes against Islamic state-held refineries had not significantly weakened the terrorist group's finances because it had built makeshift refineries to sell oil on the black market.
but the finding was not distributed outside Central Command, The Times reported in September.
Centcom's commander then, Gen. Lloyd J. Austin III, came under criticism last year after Senate testimony viewed by many lawmakers as being an overly positive assessment of the war.
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel.
U.S. Wins 4th straight in Women's Field Hockey, Setting Up Showdown With Britain
one day after scoring three goals in a 6-1 victory over Japan, Katie Bam scored the first two goals for the United States women's field hockey team on Thursday as the Americans defeated India, 3-0.
five goals in two games should be a memorable feat, but Bam, 27, said she was not sure if she had ever done the same thing.
"I have no clue," she said.
I'm not really one of those people who keeps track of their goals.
here is what she does know: The Americans are 4-0 in the Olympic tournament and are tied for first place in their group with Britain, which remained unbeaten after defeating Japan, 2-0, on Thursday.
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round.
both teams have qualified for the quarter finals, and the game will decide who finishes first in their six-team bracket and who finishes second.
the first-place finisher will avoid the powerful Dutch, the leaders of the other bracket, for a bit longer when the quarter finals begin.
however Saturday's game turns out, the Americans have created a stir with their surprising run here, four years after finishing last among 12 teams at the London Games.
Bam was on that team.
she grew up in Blue Bell, Pa., first picked up a field hockey stick when she was 3 (her twin older sisters played the sport at Drexel) and joined the national team when she was 16, becoming its youngest player ever.
she missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster.
then came 2012, when nothing much went right for her and her teammates.
the next year, Craig Parnham, an Englishman, was named the coach, and things began to change.
"a cultural change, a mental change, a physical change," Bam said.
we didn't have the work rate in London that we have now.
we've made a complete turnaround.
on Thursday night, Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in.
India had come into the game without a victory in the tournament, but the team proved surprisingly tough and kept the score 1-0 until late in the third period, when Bam took charge.
she made a long run with the ball down the left side of the field, then curled into the middle and whipped the ball into the goal to give the Americans a 2-0 lead.
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the fourth period.
the shutout was the first of the tournament for the United States goalie, Jackie Briggs, who had allowed one goal in each of the first three victories.
she is on a roll.
so is Bam.
"We're in a good place right now," Parnham said, but just how good it is will depend on the result of Saturday's game.
amid the Fury of the Olympics, the Zen of the Trampoline
wherever you are, whatever time it is, it is the Olympics.
the events in Rio de Janeiro feel constant and inescapable, a furious relay of competition and striving.
it is as if the Olympic torch itself were a flaming baton, passed from archer to swimmer to gymnast to triathlete.
you can't turn on a television, read a newspaper or listen in on your neighbor's conversation in a coffee-shop line without hearing about Simone Biles, Katie Ledecky or the feud between Michael Phelps and Chad le Clos.
and then there is Logan Dooley.
Mr. Dooley, a first-time Olympian and a dimpled heartthrob in the making, may well be among those household names being showcased in prime time, buoyed by sponsorships and feel-good TV commercials, if he were a swimmer, a gymnast or even a fencer.
but Mr. Dooley, 28, of Lake Forest, Calif., is competing for the gold in Olympic trampoline.
the Olympic flame does not illuminate each event equally.
further from the center, partly in shadow, are those sports not universally acknowledged: air-pistol shooting, archery, badminton, taekwondo.
we will always have the breaststroke, and long may it reign.
but if I may make a modest case for my particular favorite, let me call attention to the discreet charm of the trampoline.
though trampoline has been an Olympic event since 2000, when it debuted at the Sydney Games, it has spent the intervening 16 years so barely acknowledged that many I surveyed did not realize it was an Olympic sport at all.
this may be a regional ignorance.
despite sending athletes to compete, the United States has never won a medal in trampoline and did not have an athlete advance to the finals until 2012.
the Chinese and the Russians tend to split the prizes for the men, and the Chinese and the Canadians for the women.
Dong Dong of China and Rosie MacLennan of Canada will be defending their London gold medals this year.
but there is an underdog charm to trampoline, in part because it sounds, to the unenlightened ear, fitter for clown college than the Olympics.
here I should confess that I am no expert, just an earthbound enthusiast.
it does have comic potential - the cartoon quaver of its never-ending bounce - but also the grace of gymnastics and diving, the two sports it essentially combines.
the word "trampoline" derives from the Spanish el trampolín, meaning "diving board."
aspiring champions jump on a giant trampoline, shooting up to nearly 30 feet in the air, and are called upon to perform a series of tumbling moves (twists, pikes and somersaults) before eventually landing on their feet.
they are judged on execution, difficulty and "flight time," according to the official Olympic program.
Thirty-two athletes from 17 countries, 16 men and 16 women, will compete in Rio.
the most common Olympic vector is straight ahead.
medal hopefuls must go farther, faster, up and over, in their quest for gold, sometimes to the finish, other times back and forth up and down the court.
they are chasing not only the finish line or the starting wall but also, in the televised coverage, another taunting line: that of the world, or Olympic, record.
this single-minded pursuit is noble, admirable, even fanatic - and it is enough to bring even a spectator to tears.
but it is also what I find slightly exhausting about even watching the Games.
from this, trampoline offers a respite.
the trampoliner's vector is up.
forward motion is not the goal.
he or she rebounds, seeming weightless as an astronaut, going up, then down, then effortlessly up again.
it is not without competition, of course, nor without difficulty, but for the duration of a routine, there is no frantic charge toward the end, no vaulting into the distance, just the dreamy, graceful suspension of time and gravity.
it is as close to Zen as Olympic competition gets.
the women's qualifiers and then finals will take place on Friday afternoon, streaming at 1 p.m. Eastern time; the men's on Saturday, also at 1.
NBC will air the finals as part of an afternoon block beginning at 2 p.m. on both days.
in the midst of Olympic mania, they promise a quiet, lovely moment, one likely to be overlooked in the general melee.
and if consciousness raising is to be achieved only by offering up male athletes for ogling and objectification - as the United States men's gymnasts recently proposed, according to The Wall Street Journal - Mr. Dooley only awaits his gasping new fan base.
"a Generation Is Protesting" in Ethiopia, Long a U.S. Ally
violent Protests in Ethiopia
demonstrators demanding political change in Ethiopia have been met with violent resistance by the government.
witnesses say that scores of protesters have been fatally shot during clashes with police.
is Ethiopia about to crack?
for the last decade, it has been one Africa's most stable nations, a solid Western ally with a fast-growing economy.
but in recent months, anti-government protests have convulsed the country, spreading into more and more areas.
in the last week alone, thousands of people stormed into the streets, demanding fundamental political change.
the government response, according to human rights groups, was ruthless.
witnesses said that police officers shot and killed scores of unarmed demonstrators.
videos circulating from protests thought to be from late last year or earlier this year show security officers whipping young people with sticks as they were forced to perform handstands against a wall.
the top United Nations human rights official is now calling for a thorough investigation.
"It was always difficult holding this country together, and moving forward, it will be even harder," said Rashid Abdi, the Horn of Africa project director for the International Crisis Group, a research group.
Ethiopia is the second most populous nation in Africa, after Nigeria, and its stability is cherished by the West.
American military and intelligence services work closely with the Ethiopians to combat terrorist threats across the region, especially in Somalia, and few if any countries in Africa receive as much Western aid.
Ethiopia's economy has been expanding at an impressive clip.
its infrastructure has improved drastically - there is even a new commuter train in the capital, Addis Ababa.
and its streets are typically quiet, safe and clean.
though Ethiopia has hardly been a paragon of democracy - human rights groups have constantly cited the government's repressiveness - opposition within the country had been limited, with dissidents effectively silenced.
many have been exiled, jailed, killed or driven to the far reaches of the desert.
but that may be changing.
"If you suffocate people and they don't have any other options but to protest, it breaks out," said Seyoum Teshome, a university lecturer in central Ethiopia.
the whole youth is protesting.
a generation is protesting.
the complaints are many, covering everything from land use to the governing coalition's stranglehold on power.
after a widely criticized election last year, the governing party and its allies got the last seat the opposition had held and now control 100 percent of the Parliament.
at the same time, tensions are rising along the border with Eritrea; a battle along that jagged, disputed line claimed hundreds of lives in June.
analysts fear that separatist groups that had been more or less vanquished in recent years, like the Oromo Liberation Front or the Ogaden National Liberation Front, may try to exploit the turbulence and rearm.
several factors explain why bitter feelings, after years of simmering beneath the surface, are exploding now.
the first is seemingly innocuous: smartphones.
only in the last couple of years have large numbers of Ethiopians been able to communicate using social media as cheaper smartphones became common and internet service improved.
even when the government shuts down access to Facebook and Twitter, as it frequently does, especially during protests, many people are still able to communicate via internet proxies that mask where they are.
several young Ethiopians said this was how they gathered for protests.
second, there is more solidarity between Oromos and Amharas, Ethiopia's two largest ethnic groups.
Oromos and Amharas are not natural allies.
for eons, Amharas from Ethiopia's predominantly Christian highlands flourished in politics and business, exploiting the Oromos, many of whom are Muslim and live in lowland areas.
but that is changing as well.
"We are on the way to coordinate under one umbrella," said Mulatu Gemechu, an Oromo leader.
the biggest protests have been in Amhara and Oromo areas.
many Amharas and Oromos feel Ethiopia is unfairly dominated by members of the Tigrayan ethnic group, which makes up about 6 percent of the population and dominates the military, the intelligence services, commerce and politics.
the third reason behind the unrest is the loss of Meles Zenawi.
Mr. Meles, a former rebel leader, was Ethiopia's prime minister for 17 years, until his death from an undisclosed illness in 2012.
he was considered a tactical genius, a man who could see around corners.
analysts say he was especially adept at detecting early signals of discontent and using emissaries to massage and defang opponents.
"the current regime lacks that ground savvy," Mr. Abdi, the conflict analyst, said.
Ethiopia's new prime minister, Hailemariam Desalegn, was plucked from relative obscurity to fill Mr. Meles's shoes.
unlike Mr. Meles, who came from the Tigray region of northern Ethiopia, Mr. Hailemariam is a southerner.
analysts say he does not have the trust of the Tigrayan-controlled security services.
the result, many fear, is more bloodshed.
the last time Ethiopia experienced such turmoil was in 2005, after thousands protested over what analysts have said appeared to be an election the government bungled and then stole.
in the ensuing crackdown, many protesters were killed, though fewer than in recent months, and that period of unrest passed relatively quickly.
development experts have praised Ethiopia's leaders for visionary infrastructure planning, such as the new commuter train, and measurable strides in fighting poverty.
but clearly that has not stopped the internal resentment of Ethiopia's government from intensifying.
and it is taking a dangerous ethnic shape.
last month, protesters in Gondar, an Amhara town, attacked businesses owned by Tigrayans, and anti-Tigrayan hatred is becoming more common in social media.
analysts say the protests are putting the United States and other Western allies in an awkward position.
the American government has used Ethiopia as a base for drone flights over neighboring Somalia, though it recently said it closed that base.
while the West clearly wants to support democracy, it also does not want its ally in an already volatile region to crumble.
"That," Mr. Abdi said, "is a very tight rope to walk."
Donald Trump Explains His Obama-Founded-ISIS claim as "Sarcasm"
Donald J. Trump tried to quash the latest controversy engulfing his campaign on Friday by claiming that he was not serious when he insisted several times this week that President Obama and Hillary Clinton were the "founders" of the Islamic State terrorist group.
the clarification raised new questions about the Republican presidential nominee's ability to communicate clearly to the American public.
it also put his surrogates, who have strained to defend him during a tumultuous stretch, in the awkward position of having to explain remarks that he might not mean.
after making the suggestion at a rally on Wednesday night, Mr. Trump doubled down on the assertion on Thursday, insisting in interviews that he really did intend to say that the president and Mrs. Clinton had created ISIS.
but in an early-morning Twitter post on Friday, Mr. Trump said that he was just being sarcastic.
the post was a reversal from just a day ago, when Mr. Trump said in a number of interviews that he was indeed serious about the charge.
when the conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt tried to help Mr. Trump soften the remark by reminding him that Mr. Obama wants to destroy ISIS, the Republican presidential nominee would not have it.
the latest firestorm comes as Mr. Trump has been trying to refocus his campaign on the economy amid declining poll numbers.
Mr. Trump and Mrs. Clinton gave dueling economic speeches in Michigan this week.
on Friday, Mr. Trump tried again to return to that subject.
taking again to Twitter, he warned that Mrs. Clinton's proposals would come with higher taxes and he said that he found her speech boring.
Mr. Trump has used the sarcasm defense before.
in late July, after he drew widespread criticism by appearing to suggest that the Russians should hack Mrs. Clinton's emails, he later explained his remarks by saying, "Of course I'm being sarcastic."
the approach allows Mr. Trump to push the limits of political speech and dial it back as needed.
"I think it's a pattern of him testing certain messages that resonate with his fans, seeing how they play, and then "clarifying" one way or another depending on the reaction," said Ruth Sherman, a communications expert who has been monitoring the language used by both candidates.
but I also think he's clever about his statements and knows they are vague enough to be filtered through various lenses.
instead of toning things down for a general election audience, Mr. Trump has taken an even more caustic tone in recent days as his poll numbers have continued to tumble.
a new NBC/Wall Street Journal/Marist poll released on Friday showed Mr. Trump trailing Mrs. Clinton by large margins in North Carolina, Virginia and Colorado and locked in a tight race in Florida.
while Mr. Trump generally tries to avoid apologizing for provocative things that he says, he often accuses his critics of misconstruing his words or misunderstanding his sense of humor.
but as he faces heightened scrutiny during the final months of the presidential campaign, Mr. Trump's jokes have put his loyal allies in the uncomfortable position of having to publicly stand up for him no matter how provocative his remarks.
Rudolph W. Giuliani, the former New York City mayor who is one of Mr. Trump's most prominent surrogates, went to great lengths to defend the candidate in an interview with CNN on Thursday.
"I think what he's saying there is legitimate, political commentary," Mr. Giuliani said when questioned about the veracity of Mr. Trump's assertion about Mr. Obama and Mrs. Clinton having founded the Islamic State.
it is true in a sense that before Obama, ISIS was an almost unknown, small little organization, he who called it the jayvee, totally wrong, and here's why it happened, because he withdrew the troops from Iraq.
most mainstream Republicans try to argue that the Obama administration, in which Mrs. Clinton served as secretary of state, allowed ISIS to fester by failing to aggressively manage the situation in the Middle East.
ahead of rallies in Pennsylvania on Friday, Mr. Trump continued to lash out on Twitter at the news media for harping on his every word and for being biased against him.
he mocked the "poor, pathetic" television pundits who try to figure him out and said, "They can't!"
some Democrats scoffed at Mr. Trump's excuse as more evidence that he is unfit to be president.
once priced Out, a Cafe Returns in Greenpoint
verb Cafe was a shabby, cash-only space in Williamsburg that had no Wi-Fi but served good coffee for 15 years.
naturally, it got priced out of its Bedford Avenue storefront.
the store that replaced the verb in the summer of 2014, Soap Cherie, sells soaps in the shape of cupcakes.
locals bemoaned it as the latest loss in a gentrifying city.
the artist Molly Crabapple wrote on Twitter, "New York is change, I know, but still, can't believe CBGB's is dead and the Chelsea Hotel is gutted and verb is now a soap shop."
but if New York is change, it is also reinvention.
a revived verb Cafe opened last November in Greenpoint, less than a mile north of the original location.
the new verb has Wi-Fi and accepts credit cards but has some of the same employees and a similar unpretentious vibe.
the coffee is still good, too.
leading the new verb is Cisco Rodriguez, a longtime employee at the old cafe who is an owner and the general manager at the new place.
he started at verb in 2001 and was there until the end.
when a customer offered to bankroll him in a new outpost, he said he was excited to do it.
Mr. Rodriguez, 36, kept a lot of things the same.
verb uses the same distributor for the bagels and bought the same model of espresso machine.
it even reused the lights from the old Verb.
but Mr. Rodriguez said he also wanted to experiment.
he introduced new ingredients.
Bacon-egg-and-cheese sandwiches are on the menu, and toppings like capers and sautéed onions are available.
there are brown-rice bowls.
the cafe no longer serves beer but now makes fresh juices.
nine months in, Mr. Rodriguez said he had noticed a steady stream of old regulars.
"a lot of former customers got priced out of Williamsburg too," he said.
on a recent Sunday, Rebecca Oliveira was one such customer.
Ms. Oliveira, 34, used to live in Williamsburg and went to verb frequently.
even after she moved to Greenpoint, she would still make the trek.
after verb closed, she said, she gave up drinking coffee for a while.
"I realized it was the coffee and the culture at verb that I liked," she said.
now she's back on coffee, although that day, instead of her usual iced coffee, she went with a blended Chai drink, another new addition.
Tom Rosenthal, another longtime customer, went faithfully to verb starting in 2003.
he'd go before work and order the same thing without fail.
"Quarter past seven, every day, like clockwork, I'd come in and they were making my everything bagel with butter," he said.
photo Mr. Rodriguez said he wanted to experiment and introduced new ingredients to the menu.
these days, Mr. Rosenthal still gets his regular order, but sometimes he'll switch things up with the bacon, egg and cheese on an everything bagel.
Mr. Rodriguez said he had no hard feelings about the soap shop taking over the old space.
in fact, the Soap Cherie owners offered to make special soap for Verb, using the cafe's cold-brewed coffee as an ingredient.
"I think we still might take them up on it," Mr. Rodriguez said.
and Greenpoint's traditional Polish residents have embraced the cafe as well.
one of these new customers translated the menu into Polish, and Mr. Rodriguez said he planned to find a spot to display it soon to make his new neighbors feel welcome.
the new location has other perks.
a local juice spot wants to bottle and sell the cold-brewed coffee.
there is a chance the cafe will expand into an adjacent building.
for many customers, a new verb to get their old favorites is enough.
Joseph Whitt was a regular and said he was heartbroken when they closed.
when the new space opened, Mr. Whitt said, walking in and getting a coffee felt like a homecoming.
"I've needed to smell that," he said.
the depressing Food of the Depression, in "A Square Meal"
in March 1933, shortly after ascending to the presidency, Franklin Delano Roosevelt sat down to lunch in the Oval Office.
a gourmand, President Roosevelt had a taste for fancy Fifth Avenue foods like pâté de foie gras and Maryland terrapin soup.
his menu that day was more humble: deviled eggs in tomato sauce, mashed potatoes and, for dessert, prune pudding.
"It was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering," Jane Ziegelman said.
her husband, Andrew CoE, added, "It was also a message to Americans about how to eat."
the couple, who live in Brooklyn Heights, are food historians.
Mr. CoE's last book, "Chop Suey," was about Chinese cuisine in America, while Ms. Ziegelman told the story of life in a Lower East Side tenement through food in her book "97 Orchard."
their new, collaborative work, "A Square Meal," which will be published Tuesday by Harper, is a history of American food in the Great Depression.
showing some culinary solidarity of their own, they met a reporter for dinner at Eisenberg's sandwich Shop, a tiny no-frills lunch counter in the Flatiron district that has been in business since the year of the crash, 1929.
Ms. Ziegelman, 54, ordered a cream cheese and chopped olive sandwich, while Mr. CoE, 57, had the Turkey, mashed potatoes and vegetable medley.
when a reporter ordered meatloaf, the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression-era eating.
"Loaves were very popular," Ms. Ziegelman said.
there was peanut loaf, liver loaf, bean loaf.
they were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out.
imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner.
Mr. CoE grimaced.
"It must have sat in your stomach like lead," he said.
in the years before the Depression, the American table, especially in rural areas, was an all-you-can-eat buffet.
teams of women cooked for male farmworkers, and fresh-baked pie was served at breakfast, lunch and dinner.
it was Americans who had sent food to starving Europeans during World War I. "A Square Meal" chronicles the ways the nation coped with suddenly not being the land of plenty.
"This was a time when food became a central, fraught subject for the American people," Mr. CoE said, explaining why he and his wife wanted to write about it.
equally fraught was the new budget diet: Mystery dishes like loaves and casseroles became staples, the casserole a "wonderful way to repurpose leftovers," Ms. Ziegelman noted, because cooks could hide unappetizing ingredients under a creamy coating of sauce.
fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit.
meat, for years the center of the American meal, became a sparingly apportioned luxury.
strange mashups were tried as caloric and nutritional fulfillment took precedent over taste or even common kitchen sense.
in researching the book, which includes recipes, Ms. Ziegelman prepared a period dish of baked onion stuffed with peanut butter.
"It was not a popular addition to the dinner table," Mr. CoE said.
Ms. Ziegelman amplified: "It was surreal."
peanut butter has nothing to say to a baked onion.
it was characteristic of a lot of the home-ec recipes.
as never before or since, home economists - among them Louise Stanley, chief of the federal Bureau of Home Economics from 1923 to 1943 - drove the country's eating habits.
publishing recipes and articles in newspapers and magazines, they encouraged women to become "budgeteers" and rise to the challenge of transforming glop like creamed Spaghetti with carrots into tasty dishes.
"a Square Meal" is a feast of historical tidbits.
especially savory are the accounts of the government's response to its hungry citizenry, like President Herbert Hoover's let-me-eat-cake attitude.
while he publicly praised the simple Iowa farmhouse cooking of his childhood, he dined like the millionaire sophisticate he had become.
"He liked to eat Continental cuisine, like fish with cucumber sauce," Mr. CoE said.
he ate in almost a gold-plated dining room, wearing a dinner jacket.
he was fabulously out of touch.
President Roosevelt may have committed the same error if his wife, Eleanor, had not encouraged him to set an example with his stomach.
as the book tells it, Mrs. Roosevelt's hiring of a housekeeper with no interest in flavor resulted in a White House that "put out not only some of the dreariest food in Washington but also some of the most dismally prepared."
many of the Depression-era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet.
the legacy is in our continued focus on calories and nutrition, Ms. Ziegelman said, and on the way science has been applied to cooking.
the couple said that in writing the book, they gained greater understanding of the eating habits of Ms. Ziegelman's mother - how she couldn't throw food away, for instance.
"She had a real fear of food waste," Mr. CoE said.
Ms. Ziegelman recalled: "She actually got people sick."
there was the cream-puff incident.
after the plates were cleared at Eisenberg's, she and Mr. CoE pulled out a dessert they had prepared at home: the prune dessert that President Roosevelt ate for lunch.
"It's called prune whip," Ms. Ziegelman said, adding that a common trick was to give modest recipes a snazzy name.
there was no whipped cream, just prunes, a little bit of flour, sugar, water and cinnamon.
everyone reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo.
surprisingly, it wasn't bad.
Mr. CoE went back for seconds, and thirds.
sounding like a can-do budgeter, he told his wife, "Some chopped walnuts would help."
killed in a bomb attack: He was the hero of Aleppo
he put his own life at risk to help others: Khaled Omar.
he was the hero of Aleppo: Khaled Omar dedicated his life to the Syrian people.
he risked everything to save other people's lives.
now the 30-year-old has been killed in a barrel bomb attack by the Assad regime.
Omar was a member of the "White Helmets," a civil protection group which, according to Bild newspaper, had saved the lives of 60,000 people.
2,900 volunteers put their own lives at risk to pull people from bombed-out houses and perform first-aid in the war zone.
they are the heroes of the war in Syria.
Omar was the face of the group: A video of the civil protection volunteer showing him during an 11-hour operation to rescue an infant from the ruins of a house went viral in 2014.
it made the Syrian a glowing figurehead amidst the horror of the war.
however, he never saw himself as a hero, saying, according to Bild: "For me, this is the real jihad."
"If I were to die saving lives, I would think that God saw me as a martyr."
shortly before Omar himself became a victim of an attack, he had spoken in a video about the recent bomb attacks on Syria.
helicopters had released four barrel bombs over the Alzadia district, one of which was filled with chlorine gas.
one woman and two children were killed, and seven people have been left with breathing difficulties.
"We are now clearing away the toxic remains of the bomb so that children don't play with it," quoted Bild as his last words before he died.
the fatal bomb dropped by the Assad regime was supposed to have been aimed at terrorists.
the Greenland shark: The oldest vertebrate is almost 400 years old
it's a rare sight.
Greenland sharks generally only come to the surface in winter.
after being examined on board the research ship "Sanna," this shark was returned to the sea.
it was born in 1624 and has swum through the North Atlantic at 1km/h right through to the present day.
Greenland sharks only give birth to young at the age of 150.
Greenland sharks swim leisurely along the sea floor of the North Atlantic, covering an average of 1,220 metres in an hour.
the five-metre-long animal can ramp this up to 2.6 km/h if necessary - but this maximum speed is half as fast as a seal.
however, this slow pace of life seems to be the key to a long life.
Julius Nielsen from the University of Copenhagen and his colleagues wrote an article in "Science," the specialist journal, about a Greenland shark that could be 392 years old.
"It's crazy," says Alexander Scheuerlein from the Max Planck Institute for Demographic Research in Rostock about this lifespan - which is a world record for a vertebrate.
it is true that evolutionary biologists had long thought that Greenland sharks had been around for a very long time.
they were simply lacking the proof.
it is hard to observe Greenland sharks, namely because they mainly live in the ocean off the sparsely populated coasts of Canada, Greenland, Norway and Svalbard.
they generally only come to the surface in winter because they prefer water temperatures of around six degrees Celsius.
as a result, researchers know little about how Greenland sharks live.
their slow speed was measured by researchers off Svalbard, who fitted six animals with a tracker.
however, these sharks still manage to catch prey: In one animal's stomach, researchers found the remains of a seal; another shark had gobbled down the jawbone of a young polar bear.
it may be the case that they hunt down sleeping animals, or patrol on the ocean floor and look out for corpses that have sunk downwards from higher levels of water.
Julius Nielsen and his colleagues have now examined 28 Greenland sharks caught in the depths of the North Atlantic by fishermen between 2010 and 2013 off the coast of Greenland or Svalbard.
the smallest shark was just 81 centimetres long, while the largest measured 502 centimetres.
they use carbon-14 dating on the shark's lens core to determine the shark's age.
this core of the eye's lens comes into being even before the shark is born, and the proteins in it are not renewed subsequently.
the two smallest sharks had remarkably high levels of carbon-14 in their lens cores.
consequently, they were likely born after the early 1960s, when nuclear weapons experiments released large amounts of this radioactive carbon into the atmosphere.
by contrast, the lens cores of third-smallest animal, at 220 centimetres long, contained less of a surplus of carbon-14 from nuclear weapons experiments - so when it was examined in 2012, it must have already had its 50th birthday.
by contrast, all the larger Greenland sharks had normal levels of carbon-14 in their lens cores, which comes from cosmic radiation in the atmosphere.
in fact, the carbon-14 monitor gave a 493-centimetre-long Greenland shark an age of 335, while the record-holding shark, at 502 centimetres, was apparently 392 years old.
it was already known that female Greenland sharks first had offspring when they were more than four metres long.
now researchers have been able to map this length onto an age.
as one of the animals, 392 centimetres long, was likely on the threshold of sexual maturity, and had an age of 156, it seems that Greenland sharks take at least 150 years to be able to reproduce.
this is also a world record for vertebrates.
it is not by chance that such Methuselahs predominantly live in icy waters.
the previous record holder, a 211-year-old Greenland whale, in whose neck a 120-year-old harpoon tip was lodged, was caught off Alaska.
as a result of low temperatures, the systems of the animals living there often run on as little energy as possible.
this means they mature later - and age slower.
the animals often become particularly large so they stay warm in cold waters.
this is because their volume increases much quicker than their surface area, through which the animal radiates heat.
this means that the heat lost per gram of a mouse is much bigger than that lost per gram of an elephant.
another advantage is that they have fewer enemies.
"This means that a smaller animal has a more dangerous life, and has to focus on having as many offspring as quickly as possible," explains Scheuerlein, an evolutionary biologist.
by contrast, a very large animal can invest its resources in having a longer life.
construction sites coming as a twinpack
the commune's council focused on construction-related topics in its most recent session.
the committee was pleased to hear mayor Robert Putz' announcement that "we can finally begin to market the residential construction sites that have recently been marked out."
after plot, parcelling and accessibility questions had been answered, and applications for measurements had been made, there was nothing standing in the way of the sale of the plots in the residential areas of "Straßlweg" and "Schönau-West" (near Binderstraße - development section 1) to interested parties.
the communal council is convinced that the construction sites in the rural, peaceful residential commune of Schönau will attract young families and older people alike.
as said, people prepared to build on these sites should apply in the town hall from now, and the communal council will probably discuss giving out the plots in its September meeting.
so that it would be able to answer questions on the movement of additional businesses, in connection with the creation of jobs, the communal council decided to amend the space usage plan first re-drawn in spring of this year.
consequently, the business area already marked out in Unterzeitlarn will be expanded to include a further two plots near state road 2112.
Frankfurt will benefit from Brexit
the city on the river Main will soon have the best chance against the competition of Paris, Dublin and Luxembourg to draw jobs and companies away from London.
"It is highly likely that Frankfurt will benefit the most from the Brexit vote," said Michael Voigtländer, Head of IW's Financial Markets and Real Estate specialist area.
after the Brexit referendum it is unclear whether financial institutions will still be allowed to run European financial business from London.
registration in the UK is all that has been required to date for the "EU passport."
this is generally used by large US banks.
several banks have already announced that they will relocate jobs.
the "Frankfurt Main finance" lobbying group expects to see 10,000 new jobs on the river Main within five years.
according to the IW, the European Central Bank (ECB) 's headquarters, responsibility for monetary policy and supervision over the largest banks in the eurozone, all come together to represent a real plus for Frankfurt, along with further important authorities, such as EIOPA, Europe's insurance regulator, and ESRB, the risk board.
while Paris has the headquarters of the Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), this is less important for the financial sector than the ECB.
"the proximity to the central bank is important for banks - they can communicate directly with the authorities," says IW's Professor Voigtländer.
while Luxembourg is home to a large funds industry, like Dublin, its infrastructure lets it down.
thanks to its large airport, Frankfurt is considerably easier to get to.
in addition, the city's easily available business properties are a win.
"in Paris it's not all that easy to find vacant high-quality offices," said Voigtländer.
rents for top-class business properties are 50% higher on the banks of the Seine than on the banks of the Main.
in addition, Frankfurt can offer better quality of life than its competitors, thanks to its good medical systems and infrastructure, and low crime levels.
in a table compiled by management consultants Mercer, the city was ranked 7th, Luxembourg 19th, Dublin 33rd and Paris 37 th.
and even if quality of life is a matter of preference: "Thanks to its already strong position as a financial hub for the European domestic market, Frankfurt could be able to attract additional banks and investors," IW concluded.
despite the Brexit vote, London will remain Europe's financial capital, according to the economic researchers.
this is also to do with strength ratios: According to figures from regional bank Helaba, around 144,000 people worked in banking in London in 2015 - compared to 62,500 in Frankfurt.
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck
Gilead Sciences Inc is entitled to receive the attorney fees it incurred related to hepatitis C patent litigation with drugmaker Merck & Co Inc, a U.S. district judge has ruled.
in June, Gilead was freed from paying up $200 million in damages for infringing two Merck patents related to Gilead's blockbuster drugs Sovaldi and Harvoni, after a U.S. judge found a pattern of misconduct by Merck including lying under oath and other unethical practices.
in a filing on Thursday, U.S. District Judge Beth Labson Freeman said that Gilead was entitled to relief from the fees it incurred while defending the case.
Merck is trying to catch up to Gilead, which dominates the market on a new generation of hepatitis C drugs that can cure well over 90 percent of patients with the liver disease.
the case dates back to 2013 when Gilead and Merck sued each other, claiming ownership of laboratory work underlying sofosbuvir, the active ingredient in Gilead's drugs.
U.S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Manbij from Islamic State
U.S.-backed forces have seized full control of northern city of Manbij near the Turkish border after the last remaining Islamic State fighters inside the city left, a spokesman for the group said on Friday.
Syria Democratic Forces (SDF) were now sweeping the city after the departure of a remaining group of militants who had been holed up in the city.
they had freed over 2,000 civilian hostages who had been held by the militants, Sharfan Darwish of the SDF allied Manbij Military Council told Reuters.
"the city is now fully under our control but we are undertaking sweeping operations," he told Reuters.
Clintons earned $10.75 million in 2015, paid 34.2 percent federal tax rate
Hillary Clinton on Friday released her 2015 tax returns, which showed the Democratic presidential nominee and her husband had $10.75 million in income that year and paid an effective federal tax rate of 34.2 percent.
in 2015, the Clintons made $1 million in charitable contributions, mostly to the Clinton foundation; former President Bill Clinton brought in nearly $5.3 million in speaking fees; and the former secretary of state reported income of $3 million from publisher Simon & Schuster for her book on her tenure at the State Department.
Clinton's running mate, U.S. Senator Tim Kaine of Virginia, along with his wife, Anne Holton, released 10 years of tax returns.
they paid a federal effective tax rate of 20.3 percent in 2015.
"Hillary Clinton and Tim Kaine continue to set the standard for financial transparency," Clinton campaign aide Jennifer Palmieri said in a statement.
in stark contrast, Donald Trump is hiding behind fake excuses and backtracking on his previous promises to release his tax returns.
it is customary for U.S. presidential candidates to make their tax returns public, although they are not required by law to do so.
Trump, a New York businessman, and his lawyers have cited an audit by the Internal Revenue Service as a reason for his refusal to release his returns.
"Your move," Clinton campaign aide Ian Sams said on Twitter, linking to the Democratic nominee's returns.
on Thursday, Trump's special counsel, Michael Cohen, told CNN he would not allow Trump to release them until the audits are complete.
Trump's critics, including 2012 Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney and other fellow Republicans, have said his refusal raises questions about his net worth, his charitable contributions, his business dealings and various other ties, including with Russia.
Clinton has pounced on the issue, releasing an online video on Friday highlighting high-profile Republicans urging Trump to release his taxes.
on Thursday, she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan.
"He refuses to do what every other presidential candidate in decades has done and release his tax returns," she told the crowd.
POLITICO has reported that Trump paid zero to very little taxes for two years in the 1990s, and a New York Times business columnist on Friday quoted a number of tax lawyers and accountants saying that could still be the case.
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the presidential election.
Clinton has endorsed a rule named after billionaire investor Warren Buffett that would ensure those making more than $1 million a year pay a tax rate of at least 30 percent.
President Barack Obama also backs the proposal.
at a Clinton rally last week in Omaha, Nebraska, Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway conglomerate is based there, challenged Trump to meet and exchange tax returns.
buffet said that he too was under IRS audit and Trump is "afraid" not of the tax-collection agency but of voters.
Clinton's campaign has released tax returns going back to 2007.
the Clintons, who now live in Chappaqua, New York, paid an average effective federal tax rate of about 32 percent from 2007 to 2014 and an effective combined tax rate of approximately 40.5 percent.
the Clintons' 2015 return showed that, unlike most Americans, just $100 of their income came from wages.
their main investment was a low-cost index mutual fund, and the Clintons reported dividend and interest income of $109,000.
additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh; Editing by Jonathan Oatis
Chilli-powder condoms, firecrackers boost Tanzania elephant protection
conservationists in Tanzania are using an unorthodox way of keeping elephants from wandering into human settlements - by throwing condoms filled with chilli powder at them.
the method has proved effective and Honeyguide Foundation, which hit upon the idea several years ago, with U.S.-based Nature Conservancy has stepped up its promotion, training volunteers in villages in north Tanzania to use a non-violent four-step way of protecting their homes and crops without hurting the animals.
previously many used spears to defend themselves.
Friday is World Elephant Day, which is dedicated to the protection of the animals.
"Since we developed the ... toolkit, we have seen an attitude change within these communities whereby they are much more confident that they can keep elephants out of their fields without harming the elephants," Honeyguide executive director Damian Bell said in a statement.
the first two steps involve shining a torch at the trespassing elephant and sounding a horn.
if it is not deterred, a so-called "chilli cloud" is thrown.
Chilli powder mixed with soil is packed with a firecracker into a condom, its end is twisted shut with just the fuse exposed.
when lit, the condom bursts open with a bang, spraying a fine dust of chilli powder into the air.
one whiff is usually enough to send an elephant the other way.
a last resort is a launcher that shoots a Roman candle firework into the air, producing a loud, bright explosion.
municipal council reaches unanimous decision: No new kiosk to be built on the St. Goarer bank of the Rhine
normally the people of St. Goarer are happy to accept investment from businesses - but retail in the core of the city is clearly capable of developing itself.
the municipal has now unanimously rejected the application to build a new retail kiosk on the bank of the river Rhine close to the Rhine balcony currently under construction.
"We are generally happy to welcome new businesses, but this kiosk does not fit in this exposed position on the bank of the Rhine," explained Michael Hubrath on behalf of the CDU faction.
Jewish filmmaker slams Berlin hotel for removing Israel dial code after Arab "request" - RT News
a French filmmaker of Jewish origin unleashed a media furor after he revealed that the Kempinski Bristol hotel in Berlin does not list Israel's dial code, with employee citing "requests" from Arabic customers.
Claude Lanzmann, an author of Holocaust documentary "Shoah," vented his frustration at the Kempinski Bristol Hotel in Berlin, writing an open letter in the German outlet FAZ.
during his recent stay, Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel.
the country however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room.
how is it possible, in 2016 in Berlin, the capital of the new Germany, that Israel was eliminated and eradicated?
Lanzmann wrote.
instead, Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel via an own call center.
seeking explanation, the filmmaker addressed the issue at the hotel's reception.
the answer he got there, Lanzmann wrote "shocked him."
the hotel's clerk said that the measure was "a deliberate decision by the management of Kempinski-Hotels."
the reason behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker.
"the majority of our guests are Arabs and they demanded Israel's code to be deleted," the employee was quoted as saying by Lanzmann.
Israeli ambassador to Germany Yakov Hadas-Handelsman called the case a "great shame," Suddeutsche Zeitung reports.
we were appalled and shocked by the incident.
it is in itself a great shame.
the fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain, is an even greater disgrace.
that needs no explanation.
we expect that the hotel draws the right conclusions," the official said.
the incident triggered quite a response online, with people calling it a scandal.
some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply "caved in" to the alleged demands of Arabic customers.
"shame on you," another post stated, pointing out that the hotel, located in the noble Kurfurstendamm street stands near a synagogue.
the hotel itself was quick to brush off any accusations, calling what happened an "oversight" and "apologizing" to Lanzmann, Der Spiegel reports.
"There was never a direct order" not to include Israel in the fast dial list," Suddeutsche Zeitung quoted a Kempinski representative as saying.
it adds that the code was now added.
police use tear gas & rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students
students clashed with police in the Brazilian city of Sao Paulo on Thursday as they gathered to demonstrate against government reforms to the public education system.
police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters.
the trouble started when law enforcement officers tried to disperse the students, which led to the police using rubber bullets and tear gas.
several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans.
under proposals from the governor of the state of Sao Paulo Geraldo Alckmin, just under 100 public schools will be closed, while 300,000 students will be relocated in order to save money.
some of those taking part in the protest could be seen writing graffiti on the walls against the interim President Michel Temer.
this latest protest comes just days after protesters took to the streets en masse to support suspended President Dilma Rousseff as the country's senate voted for her impeachment.
trade between Russia & Iran surges 71% - RT Business
with the lifting of sanctions, trade turnover between Moscow and Tehran has grown 70.9 percent in year-on-year terms, according to Russia's ambassador to Iran, Levan Dzhagaryan.
since international sanctions against Iran were lifted, there has been a surge in interest from Russian firms in doing business in the country, the ambassador said.
Russian companies are resuming existing ties with Iran, while new firms are ready to get access to the market.
of course, the further expansion of trade is one of the main priorities of the bilateral cooperation with Iran," Dzhagaryan said.
he noted that in the first five months of 2016 the trade turnover between Russia and Iran increased by 70.9 percent compared to the same period of 2015 and amounted to $856 million.
in particular, Russian exports to Iran jumped by 91.5 percent and amounted to $697 million.
Russian imports from Iran increased by 16 percent to $158 million.
the boost in trade was achieved by supplies of machinery, ground vehicles and weapons," the ambassador said.
Dzhagaryan is also expecting a record number of Iranian tourists to visit Russia this year.
last year, the Russian diplomatic mission in Iran issued about 35,000 visas, mostly travel, to Iranian citizens.
in addition, for the first time Iran entered the top 20 countries by number of tourists visiting Russia.
it's safe to say that last year's record number of Iranian tourists visiting Russia will be broken," he said.
at the same time, relatively few Russians are visiting Iran, something the ambassador hopes will change.
"I can personally recommend to visit the cities of Isfahan, Shiraz and Yazd that have preserved monuments of ancient Persian civilization in good condition," he said.
witnesses wanted: drinks cash-and-carry in Waldbröl raided
a robbery took place on Thursday evening in the drinks cash-and-carry of REWE XXL on Walbröl's Gerberstraße.
three people dressed in dark clothing and with their faces covered brandished a gun and demanded that staff at the cash-and-carry hand over cash. They made a run for it on foot, and then probably got into a silver VW golf.
the police did not report how much money had been stolen.
between 1.6 and 1.7 m tall, the perpetrators were relatively short.
the drinks cash-and-carry can be accessed directly from the REWE supermarket's car park, and is tricky to observe.
after the robbery, the perpetrators must have run towards Gerberstraße along Friedrich-Engelbert-Weg, and then fled, possibly towards the B 256 (Schladern ring road) in the silver car from the Schotterparkplatz opposite the entrance to the multi-storey car park.
anyone who saw anything around the time of the crime (around 7.45 p.m.) that is connected with the robbery should contact the police immediately.
Nagold: Fun and games at the summer fete
children and young people from the youth work day group/social group work project from the child protection league of Nagold spent eight gloriously happy days with their social workers during the summer camp in Nussdorf, near Mühlacker.
the lively group spent the first week of the school holidays in the peacefully-located Hartwäldle holiday camp.
there were several day trips on the agenda.
one trip saw the group head to Bretten to visit the petting zoo.
another saw them visit Maulbronn, where there was a special children's tour around the world-famous cloisters.
the third trip took the group to Pforzheim.
the group learnt lots about how the Celts lived and what they ate in the Celtic Museum in Hochdorf.
on warm dates, the group cooled off at the Tiefensee lake in Maulbronn: perfect for jumping into, swimming around in, and paddling.
children and carers cooked their own favourite meals, such as mini German spätzle dumplings in a sour sauce, traditional Seebronner Pfännle and Iselshauser Bloff, English breakfast, and Tübingen-style bolognese.
during workshops, children could practise baktik, make beautiful jewellery with pearls and stones, or create a Roman windmill game from wood.
other highlights of the summer camp included fishing in a nearby pond, spending the evenings around a campfire, and the concluding "Gala Night."
when it came to go home, the sun was shining, and the children and young people headed home happy.
Haigerloch: Pilgrims at the gates of mercy
the ministrants from the chaplaincy of Eyachtal-Haigerloch St. Anna went on a four-day pilgrimage from Villingen to Freiburg.
they covered four stages together.
the committee of upper ministrants for St. Anna had decided to prepare for and go on a pilgrimage lasting several days to bridge the gap to the next pilgrimage to Rome for all ministrants, likely to take place in two years' time.
various pilgrimage sites were discussed, and a decision was finally made to go to the bishop's city of Freiburg, where, to mark the holy year of mercy, this year the gates of mercy opened for this at Freiburg cathedral are a particular pilgrimage site.
16 children from Bittelbronn, Gruol, Haigerloch and Heiligenzimmern set off.
on the previous evening, Father Storost set the pilgrims off with a small celebration in St. Anna, blessed the Pilgrims' cross and the pilgrims.
they took the train from Horb to the starting point of Villingen, where the Cathedral of Our Lady is found. They started their pilgrimage from the cathedral.
the individual day trips were framed by brief moments every morning and evening with various prayers, songs and written texts.
even when they were out and about, the children took breaks at wayside crosses, chapels or churches to sing a song from the Pilgrims' songbook they had put together themselves.
the rectory of each parish they reached was available for them to stay in overnight.
at each stage, Alexandra Burkhardt and Heidi Faller were responsible for creating a delicious, nourishing dinner and breakfast.
the second day saw them head towards Gütenbach, via Furtwangen.
the next day, they set off on the section towards St. Peter, the most demanding section, seeing them climb around 500 metres in altitude in sweltering heat, and then descend again.
they earned the reward of barbecueing together by the swimming pond.
after the morning session on the fourth day of the pilgrimage in the impressive cloisters of St. Peter, they started off on the final stage to Freiburg.
the children gathered together in Freiburg Cathedral late in the afternoon, visibly relieved and happy, and passed through the gates of mercy.
a brief moment was taken to thank God.
the evening mass in the cathedral saw the children who had arrived at the pilgrimage site welcomed by Chaplain Markus Obert.
after the service, the pilgrims were able to visit the sacristry and the high altar.
the next day, there was time to look around the city, located in the region of Breisgau.
in the afternoon they took the train back to Horb.
at the end, all the participants agreed that the trip was characterised by spirituality and a strong sense of camaraderie.
Scot Callum Skinner storms home as Brits grab cycling gold
Scotland's Callum Skinner raced to glory in the men's team sprint at the Rio velodrome last night as the Team GB trio defended the title from London 2012.
the Glaswegian 23-year-old was in the anchor role that his fellow Scotsman Sir Chris Hoy made his own and the youngster did the legend proud as he stormed home to snatch victory from the favoured New Zealand outfit.
Britain claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds.
and they repeated the trick after finishing a lowly sixth at March's Track World Championships in London, despite Hoy having since retired.
the issue between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff.
they did so just in time as Hindes emerged.
Hoy's retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill.
Skinner was the man Britain's coaches stuck with, seeing potential in the Scot which has now been realised.
Hindes, Kenny - champions with Hoy four years ago - and Skinner set an Olympic record in qualifying, but the standard was overtaken by New Zealand in the first round.
and the British trio won the duel for gold.
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap, but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on.
a change of strategy was a big part of the transformation, with Hindes riding a bigger gear to slow him down and allow Kenny and, in particular, Skinner to keep pace.
Hoy watched on from his position as a BBC pundit and caught the eye of Skinner, Kenny and Hindes when they stepped on to the podium.
the 23-year-old Skinner, from Glasgow, said: "It's a flattering comparison."
I'm just out there to do my best and make a name for myself.
we set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions.
it was just incredible.
there's no better way to win it.
after triumphing at London 2012 alongside Kenny and Hoy, Hindes admitted to deliberately falling to the track following a poor start.
he later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain's rivals.
there was no such issue this time around in a supreme victory.
Hindes said: "It felt like London, with all the GB flags in the stand."
we all as a team came together in the last three months.
we've been losing out on so many world titles, so to win the Olympics again is just amazing.
that is one event, one gold medal for the nation which won seven out of 10 track titles in both Beijing and London.
if that is a barometer of the progress made in the last five months, then a successful five days in the velodrome awaits.
with the form Kenny demonstrated, it is not beyond the realms of possibility to imagine him repeating Hoy's feat of winning three Olympic golds in one Games.
that would see Kenny - who is exactly 12 years younger than Hoy, who is also born on 23 March (that seemingly sacred date in British sport which is also the birthday of Steve Redgrave, Mo Farah and Roger Bannister) - take his tally to six gold medals and one silver.
that would be the same as Hoy's.
Kenny next competes in the sprint, which begins on today and plays out over three days.
the 28-year-old from Bolton said: "I'm just enjoying this one for now.
the team event is always the best.
you get to win it with your mates.
it's a bit lonely winning on your own to be honest.
Hindes said: "If he wins another two gold medals, he should get a knighthood."
it was the day's only medal event, but there was further good news for Britain.
Sir Bradley Wiggins, Ed Clancy, Steven Burke and Owain Doull qualified fastest in the four-man, four-kilometres team pursuit.
they finished in 3:51.943.
the world record, set in winning gold at London 2012, is 3:51.659.
the first round and final (10.42pm) take place on today's second day of action, where Wiggins is sure to be the focus.
he had a dispute with commissaires yesterday ahead of the qualification ride, when officials summoned him to measure his height.
in the corresponding women's event, which resumes and concludes tomorrow, Laura Trott, Joanna Rowsell Shand, Elinor Barker and Katie Archibald of Milngavie advanced in a world record time, clocking 4:13.260.
team GB have come to rely on its mighty track cycling squad to take ownership of the middle period of an Olympic Games and deliver a host of medals.
after truly exceptional showings of utter dominance at Beijing and London, expectations have been played down in the lead-up to Rio.
there have been dramas in the background, not least the resignation of technical director Shane Sutton in April amid sexism and bullying allegations, and the retirements of giant figures like Hoy and Victoria Pendleton.
however, on the evidence of the first night's racing in the velodrome, it looks like GB's now legendary reputation for peaking at the perfect time could be about to be repeated once again.
Portland smelter's future in doubt with axing of power contract
the future of the Portland aluminium smelter in Victoria - and the jobs of hundreds of workers - is in doubt with the power company which supplies the plant disclosing one of the plant's owners is to terminate a supply contract, with all supply contracts expected to be axed.
the move follows the decision of the Victoria government earlier this year to not extend subsidies provided to keep the plant in operation.
a 20-year fixed subsidy expires in November.
up to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa's Portland plant.
as many as 2000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk with any closure.
and there could be additional knock-on effects since the smelter consumes around 10 per cent of Victoria's entire electricity output.
in 2014, Alcoa closed the Point Henry smelter which led to the closure last year of the Anglesea power plant.
Alcoa's Portland smelter is losing money and risks closure.
the moves follows speculation about the future of the plant for several years now, initially in the wake of the strong Australian dollar and more recently due to the price for the output from the plant.
AGL, which supplies the big aluminium smelter with electricity from its Loy Yang A power plant in the Latrobe Valley, said it expects the other three owners will also move to terminate their agreements.
the plant is majority owned by a joint venture of Alcoa and Alumina, with China's CITIC and Japan's Marubeni Corp holding smaller shares.
"AGL expects the Portland facility to continue to operate, meaning physical demand for electricity from the smelter will continue," it said.
AGL said the contracts are so-called 'hedging contracts' which were due to take effect from November 2016.
the contracts have a 12-month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017.
"as such, AGL continues to expect the contracts to contribute to earnings in fiscal year 17," the power company said.
any potential earnings impact on AGL from FY18 onwards is currently limited by the strong futures market outlook for wholesale electricity prices.
AGL said it had already written down the value of the contracts in its accounts by $187 million in "anticipation of a termination event."
Alcoa said the decision to close out the contracts "does not affect Alcoa's ... ability to operate the smelter or secure electricity supply to the smelter."
the US company said it entered into a 20-year contract with Loy Yang in 2010 , which was due to commence from November this year, although it has yet to explain why it has pulled out of the contract.
analysts have been wary of the possible closure of both of the Portland smelter in Victoria and also the Tomago plant near Newcastle due to the poor economics of the industry.
addressing analysts earlier in the week, AGL's head of operations, Stephen Mikkelsen said Portland uses around 600 megawatts of power annually and Tomago around 900 megawatts.
if both of those plants go from the market that's a significant reduction in demand in the [electricity] market.
and as a generator that wouldn't be good for us," he said.
not just a Kardashian reality TV star, Kendall's on the cover of September's Vogue
Kendall Jenner, 20, model and fourth daughter of mother-manager Kris's Kardashian-Jenner clan, is on the cover of US Vogue's coveted September issue.
Kendall, who is an Estee Lauder brand ambassador and has walked in Milan, Paris and New York fashion weeks, announced the news on her Instagram account on Thursday.
"in a room with a bunch of people I love, looking at this cover made me cry," Kendall wrote.
the cover revelation was followed by a bizarre (or simply Keeping Up with the Kardashians-esque?), scripted reality video that featured the entire Kardashian-Jenner family (bar troublemakers Rob and Caitlyn, and joined by everyone's favourite showbiz uncle, Keeping Up producer Ryan Seacrest) forgetting about their sister's cover, only to end with the classic twist: they were all planning a surprise party.
it's the cliche plot line of nearly every "birthday" episode of a children's television show (Seacrest delivers the line, "You thought we forgot about you?," with the sincerity of a cartoon rabbit in an 8am timeslot), but Kris had to get her other girls in on this publicity somehow.
because, with a spot on Vogue's September issue, we have surely entered a new era of Kardashian.
Kendall's big sister Kim may have beaten her to the cover of Vogue (she shared it with husband Kanye West in April 2014), but the magazine's September cover is a league unto itself.
the September Issue is Vogue's highest selling edition of the year.
with a thickness more closely resembling a coffee table book than a fashion magazine, the issue attracts a huge number of advertisers (Fashionista counted 615 of last year's 832-page Tome as advertising content).
the revelation of its cover star is so hotly anticipated that, in the past two years, pictures of the magazine have been leaked before the official announcement.
previous women to feature on the cover include Naomi Campbell, Linda Evangelista and Kate Moss.
in recent years, the cover has certainly featured more "celebrities who model" than "models who are celebrities."
Oscar winner and Dior ambassador Jennifer Lawrence was featured in 2013, the year after Lady Gaga had the honour.
but, even on the off-chance that Ms Jenner - who is described by the magazine as the "breakout model" of her generation - falls into the former category, she is in pretty good company.
these celebrities are not relatives of famous people, or reality stars, or kids these days who know how to make a good Snapchat video (although Jenner is all of these things).
they are legitimately talented women, excelling in the entertainment industry.
Beyonce, who appeared on last year's cover, has had one of the strongest years of her career with the release of lemonade.
of course, not everyone is pleased about Jenner's success.
with her reality television history, Jenner's position within the fashion world was always going to be fraught.
in June, original Victoria's Secret model Stephanie Seymour criticised Jenner and her colleague Gigi Hadid, calling them the "bitches of the moment."
this sentiment has boiled up again with the news of Jenner's Vogue cover appearance.
but dwelling on the discontent seems beside the point.
Kendall Jenner is on the cover of the September Issue of vogue.
she is a supermodel, in the purest sense of the word.
she's walking for Marc Jacobs.
she's selling you Estee Lauder foundation.
she, and all of her sisters, are selling you pictures of themselves on their respective paywalled apps.
she's selling pictures of Cindy Crawford's daughter she photographed to love magazine.
and, in her downtime, possibly just as a way still to see sister Kourtney and her kids, she's on reality television.
community legal centres turn away 160,000 people a year
more than 160,000 of the nation's most vulnerable are turned away from community legal centres every year, with the sector bracing itself for the impact further funding cuts will have on already-stretched operations.
in Queensland, three out of five people - mostly the elderly, immigrants, vulnerable workers, victims of violence and those without resources to fight unfair evictions and the like - are already turned away while seeking free legal advice and representation.
community legal services, already stretched beyond limits, are bracing for further cuts.
from June next year, those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding.
director of Community Legal Centres Queensland James Farrell said the latest National Association of Community Legal Centres Census Report found thousands of people were already being turned away each year.
Mr Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision, the situation was only going to get worse.
"Queensland's community legal centres are chronically underfunded, meaning thousands of people are turned away from the vital services they need," he said.
people leaving violent relationships, people with unmanageable and crippling debts, families going through separation, workers who are unfairly sacked - all of these people have problems with legal dimensions, and this report shows that they're not able to get the help they need.
the federal government will cut funding by 30 per cent from June 2017, which means thousands more vulnerable Queenslanders will be forced to navigate complex legal problems without help.
we call on the Attorney-General, and Queensland Senator George Brandis to immediately reverse these funding cuts, so people can get the help they need when they're faced with a legal problem.
last year, the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average.
it's now time to look at the needs of community legal centres and their client communities, and for the Palaszczuk government to invest in this important work.
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly pulled a gun
new York: Donald Trump's campaign was sued for allegedly doing nothing after being told that the director of its North Carolina operations pulled a gun on a staffer as they drove in a Jeep in February.
the incident was described in a lawsuit filed on Wednesday in state court in Charlotte by Vincent Bordini, a former software trainer for the state campaign.
Bordini said he waited for months for the situation to be handled internally before realising "this was not going to happen."
the director, Earl Phillip, "produced a pistol, put his right index finger on the trigger, and drove the barrel into Vincent's knee cap," Bordini said in the complaint.
after complaining to local and regional campaign leadership, Bordini learned that at least four other people had experience the same thing with Phillip, according to the filing.
"guns don't have to fire to inflict damage," Bordini said in the complaint.
the suit comes just two days after the Republican presidential nominee caused a furore when telling a crowd in North Carolina that the "Second Amendment people" -- understood to be gun owners and gun enthusiasts -- could take action if his rival Hillary Clinton were elected and gets her pick of judges.
Trump's campaign said the media had taken his words out of context and that he wasn't advocating violence.
Bordini's complaint seeks compensation from the campaign for negligent supervision, and from Phillip for assault, battery and infliction of emotional distress.
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn't immediately return a message seeking comment.
attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessful.
WCCB, a local news affiliate in Charlotte, reported Phillip recently left the campaign.
a call left at his consulting firm, Innovative Consulting Services, wasn't immediately returned.
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign.
the case is Bordini v. Donald J. Trump For President Inc., 16-CS-14300, General Court of Justice, Superior Court Division County of Mecklenburg (Charlotte).
Berlin/Schwerin: Poll ahead of regional elections: SPD and CDU lose out
ahead of the elections in the federal states of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern (4 September) and Berlin (18 September), considerable losses are looming for the governing parties of the SPD and the CDU.
these are the findings of a representative poll carried out by INSA, a polling institute, on behalf of "Bild" newspaper.
while the red-black ruling coalition in the north might just be able to continue in office, this will not be possible in Berlin, according to the poll.
however, the SPD was the strongest party in both states, with good chances of putting forward the head of the government.
in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, the SPD plummeted from 35.6 percent to 24 percent in five years.
according to the poll, this puts the party only slightly above the CDU, who had 23 percent.
the Left and the AfD will fight over third place.
the Left had 19 percent (previously 18.4 percent), and, with 19 percent, the AfD could be in the regional parliament for the first time.
despite small losses (from 8.7 percent to 6 percent), the Greens will return to Schwerin's regional parliament.
the NPD and the FPD, with 3 percent each, will not be represented in the regional parliament.
according to the poll, the SPD would only receive 23 percent in Berlin's elections to the House of Representatives (2011 elections: 28.3 percent).
the CDU would only take 18 percent, after having taken 23.4 percent.
this would put them behind the Greens with 19 percent (2011: 17.6 percent), but ahead of the Left, with 15 percent (previously 11.7 percent).
the AfD would be represented in the House for the first time, with 14 percent.
with 5 percent, the FPD could hope to return, but the pirates, by contrast, would miss out - unlike in 2011.
Nokia 9000 Communicator: The first smartphone
email and the Internet in slow motion: The Nokia communicator was brought to market 20 years ago.
its successors have now conquered the world - but its manufacturer is in the midst of a disaster.
the device weighed almost half a kilogram, and was more than four times as heavy as an iPhone 5.
it was thicker and larger, and harder to hold.
indeed, it was quite bulky.
the in-built storage originally held eight megabytes - enough today for around two high-resolution selfies.
now, an iPhone holds at least 16 gigabytes.
the "Nokia 9000 Communicator" was released for sale exactly 20 years ago, on 15 August 1996 - and it was the first smartphone.
the device is still available online for fans to buy for a couple of euros, even though it comes from the stone age of the Internet.
however, 20 years ago, the communicator sparked a sensation.
the Finnish mobile phone manufacturer had presented the product a couple of months previously at the Cebit computer trade fair in Hanover, billing it as "the office you can fit in your pocket."
the new mobile phone could really do a lot by standards back then: it could send and receive SMS messages and emails, and could even be contacted by fax.
you could even access websites via a HTML browser, even though it was painfully slow.
there was a calculator, a digital address book and an electronic calendar.
there was a small antenna, and the phone could be folded open like a laptop.
this revealed a small keyboard and a black and white screen.
the price was fairly high: 2700 Deutschmarks, around 1400 euros.
in 2015, the average sale price of a smartphone in Germany was 392 euros.
in August 1996, nobody had any idea that the communicator heralded the start of the smartphone era.
today, everything has changed.
smartphones are a success story - even if the same cannot be said for Nokia.
the mobile phone branch of the Finnish company experienced an unprecedented disaster, and was eventually sold to Microsoft and wound up.
today the market is dominated by providers who came to the game much later than Nokia.
for many people today, being online all day, no matter where you are, is simply a fact of life.
in 2015, there were around two billion smartphone users around the world.
around 1.4 billion devices were sold, and Samsung and Apple alone make up 555 million of them.
global sales of the devices amount to around 400 billion euros.
this is in addition to the flourishing businesses of innumerable app providers and telecommunications firms.
an entire industry has now sprung up around smartphones.
the decisive moment when the mass market was broken into was only at the start of 2007, when the Apple CEO at the time, Steve Jobs, announced the introduction of the iPhone at Mac World.
he promised three devices in one: a music player, a telephone and an internet communicator - and everything could be accessed easily via touchscreen.
Apple's triumphant march began, and the iPhone is still the company's most important product today.
Nokia, Motorola and Blackberry, who used to dominate the market, lost out.
they eventually disappeared, and Blackberry had to fight for its existence.
Apple, and Asian providers such as Samsung, now hold sway.
20 years after their invention, smartphones are a fact of life.
nowadays, every German looks at their phone an average of 88 times a day.
"We all need to learn to put our phones down from time to time," said Janina Kugel, Siemens HR Director.
being permanently contactable has become a blessing and a curse.
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow
Heathrow will also deliver regeneration and prosperity not just in our local communities and across London, but across the country.
for me, this was the great attraction of Heathrow, just as it was with London 2012, where we made enormous efforts to ensure that all our nations and regions benefited from the Games.
the Olympics achieved huge benefits for Stratford and the East end.
and, we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow.
for our local communities alone we'll create 10,000 new apprenticeships, 40,000 new jobs and bring an end to youth unemployment around the airport.
just as there were ahead of London 2012, there will be those that think the challenge of Heathrow expansion is too great.
I was told that Britain would be never be ready for the Games and that we would be embarrassed on the world stage.
the doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow.
there are always obstacles to be overcome, but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it.
like the Olympics, Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many, not just the few.
expansion is an opportunity to create up to 180,000 new jobs, £211bn in economic growth, leaving a legacy of skills and employment both around the airport and across the UK.
we have a great team at Heathrow who have implemented an £11bn programme of infrastructure investment on time and on budget, from T5 - voted the world's best airport terminal five years in a row, to T2, built in the middle of the world's busiest two runways.
now they stand ready to deliver a third runway, backed by £16 billion of private investment.
the London 2012 Games were a great success for the UK and I am confident that Heathrow expansion will be too.
it is time for us to channel that Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow, securing our trading future and creating a legacy of skills and employment that Britain can be proud of.
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury
Adblock Plus, Facebook in "cat-and-mouse game" over ad blocking
for companies that make money from online advertising, attempts to circumvent ad-blocking software amount to a "cat-and-mouse game," according to one of the companies that makes that software.
on Thursday, just two days after Facebook announced it would be blocking ad blockers on its desktop site, Adblock Plus published a blog post saying that users could update their filters in its program to block ads on the social network once again.
on Tuesday, Facebook said that its desktop website would change the coding around its ads in order to make it more difficult for ad blockers to detect which parts of a page are ads.
but Adblock now says it has gotten around the new codes.
in a blog post, Adblock spokesperson Ben Williams wrote that "this sort of back-and-forth battle between the open source ad-blocking community and circumventers has been going on since ad blocking was invented," and that it is possible Facebook would come up with its own fix soon.
the fact that the world's largest social media company has entered the fight is a strong indication of just how big a concern ad blockers have become for the industry.
globally, roughly 200 million people use ad blockers, according to a study last year from Pagefair and Adobe; nearly quadruple the number who used such software in 2013.
with 1.03 billion daily active users accessing Facebook via mobile devices, mobile advertising now accounts for 84 per cent of Facebook's advertising revenue.
the company is going after ad blockers on desktop however, because mobile ad blockers are not effective in Facebook's mobile apps for the social network and Instagram, a spokesperson said.
desktop ads still account for enough revenue that Facebook judged such a move to be worth the investment.
also on Tuesday, Facebook said it would be updating its "ad preferences" tool to give people more control over how ads are targeted to them.
on Thursday Facebook claimed that Adblock's new filters were concerning because they would also block some non-advertising content on the site.
"This isn't a good experience for people and we plan to address the issue," a Facebook spokesperson said in an e-mailed statement.
ad blockers are a blunt instrument, which is why we've instead focused on building tools like Ad Preferences to put control in people's hands.
woman run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide
the victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night.
police are appealing for witnesses after a woman was run over by several vehicles on a motorway in the early hours of Thursday in an apparent act of suicide.
the incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday.
a woman lay down in the dark on the road "in a desperate act" and was hit by several vehicles, Vaud police said in a statement.
clearly looking to kill herself, the victim, a Swiss woman aged 49, was hit by several vehicles including a lorry.
she died at the scene.
several of the drivers involved have already been interviewed but some are still unidentified, said police, who are calling for them and anyone else who witnessed the incident to come forward.
a criminal investigation has been opened, a "logical" step in a situation like this, lawyer Gilles Hofstetter told Le Tribune de Geneve.
however it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges.
was it possible to avoid impact?
that's what the prosecutor must determine," said Hofstetter.
two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible.
in each case - both of which involved a person walking on the motorway in the dark - it was judged that motorists cannot expect to come across a pedestrian on the motorway in the middle of the night, said the paper.
last year a police officer was acquitted of causing death by negligence after she hit and killed a man who was lying on the A1 near Paynerne one night in August 2014.
the 22-year-old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road, the court heard.
the court found that the policewoman -- who was responding to an emergency call -- was driving in a manner that was justified and that the presence of a man on the road was a "completely exceptional and unpredictable situation," the judge said.
anyone with information about Thursday's incident near Morges should call police on 021 644 83 46 or 021 644 44 44.
NASA climate model: Venus was once habitable
Venus was likely once habitable, according to the projections of a new NASA climate model.
scientists at NASA's Goddard Institute for Space Studies developed a model to explore Venus' past using tools and algorithms similar to those employed by climate scientists.
the model was designed to determine whether or not Venus, with its hot, water-less surface and CO2-chocked atmosphere, might have once hosted earth-like conditions.
scientists have previously suggested that Venus' slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere.
but the latest simulation suggests Venus could have boasted a thin, earth-like atmosphere and still spun slowly.
the model also looked at the topography of early Venus.
the planet likely featured more dry regions than Earth, but once had enough water and geographical variability to host life and guard against rapid evaporation.
early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent dimmer.
"in the GISS model's simulation, Venus' slow spin exposes its dayside to the sun for almost two months at a time," GISS scientist Anthony Del Genio explained in a news release.
this warms the surface and produces rain that creates a thick layer of clouds, which acts like an umbrella to shield the surface from much of the solar heating.
the result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth's today.
the model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists.
though likely once habitable, Venus was -- over the course of several billion years -- exposed to too much heat and ultraviolet light.
its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light.
as its hydrogen escaped, all that was left was a thick atmosphere of carbon dioxide with a deathly greenhouse gas effect -- thus, the Venus we know today.
researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research letters.
Patrick Roy resigns as avalanche coach
Patrick Roy resigned as coach and vice president of the hockey operations of the Colorado avalanche on Thursday, citing a lack of a voice within the team's decision-making process.
Colorado executive vice president/general manager Joe Sakic confirmed the move and noted that the club will begin a search for a new coach immediately.
"for the past three years, I have carried out my duties as head coach and vice president of hockey operations for the Colorado avalanche with energy, passion and determination," the 50-year-old Roy said in the statement.
I have thought long and hard over the course of the summer about how I might improve this team to give it the depth it needs and bring it to a higher level.
to achieve this, the vision of the coach and VP-hockey operations needs to be perfectly aligned with that of the organization.
he must also have a say in the decisions that impact the team's performance.
these conditions are not currently met.
Sakic, who hired Roy on May 23, 2013, thanked Roy for his contributions to the team.
"Patrick informed me of his decision today," Sakic said.
we appreciate all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future.
Roy was named the Jack Adams Award winner as the league's best coach during his rookie season with the avalanche in 2013-14.
he guided the club to 112 points and a first-place finish in the Central Division, but Colorado was upset by Minnesota in the first round of the playoffs and has missed the postseason in each of the last two years.
the avalanche posted a 39-39-4 mark in 2015-16 and fell five points shy of the Wild for the second wild-card spot in the Western Conference.
a Hall of Fame goaltender, Roy won four Stanley Cups -- two apiece with the Montreal Canadiens and the avalanche.
North Sea oil workers resume talks, suspend strike
labor strikes over pay for North Sea oil workers are suspended while all parties to the dispute sit down for a new round of talks, lead negotiators said.
strikes against oilfield services company Wood Group have been staged sporadically on platforms in the North Sea operated by Royal Dutch Shell.
"Wood Group and the Unite and RMT unions can confirm we have agreed to restart the process for resolution of the current dispute," a joint statement read.
we will hold a number of full-day meetings over the next few weeks, starting early next week, to take a fresh look at the issues.
the labor unions said their recent action, which they said is the first in more than 25 years, was in protest of potential pay cuts of up to 30 percent.
wood Group this year cut rates paid to its North Sea contractors by about 9 percent because of negative market pressures.
the company's rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014.
the company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn.
Shell, for its part, has trimmed thousands of people from its payroll and announced plans to leave oil and gas operations in up to 10 countries as it streamlines its operations in the wake of its mega-merger with British energy company BG Group.
energy companies are under pressure from lower crude oil prices, an economic situation compounded by the British decision in June to leave the European Union.
Scottish Member of Parliament Dave Anderson met with labor leaders earlier this week to discuss one of the biggest labor disputes to strike the North Sea in a generation.
the North Sea, he said, is vital for the regional economy.
"in the North Sea and right across the country, we need an economy that works for the many and not just the few," he said in a statement.
less than $1.4 billion in spending on new projects in the North Sea is expected in 2016, compared with an average of around $7 billion in the past five years.
Kepler measures spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster
the latest mission by the Kepler space telescope has helped astronomers collect the most complete catalog of spin rates among the stars of the Pleiades cluster.
the new data is helping astronomers understand why stars in the cluster spin at varying rates, as well as how rotation periods relate to planet formation.
"We hope that by comparing our results to other star clusters, we will learn more about the relationship between a star's mass, its age, and even the history of its solar system," Luisa Rebull, a research scientist at Caltech's infrared Processing and Analysis Center in Pasadena, said in a news release.
the Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light-years from Earth.
many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood, having been born roughly 125 million years ago.
they're spinning as fast as they ever will.
at their peak spin rates, these maturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind.
as these winds travel across the stars' magnetic fields, they enact a braking effect on the stars.
as a star ages, its spin rate begins to slow down.
Kepler measures each star's spin rate by tracking the time between the appearance of recognizable starspots -- like sunspots.
the latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars.
Rebull likens the stars to dancers, larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones.
"in the 'ballet' of the Pleiades, we see that slow rotators tend to be more massive, whereas the fastest rotators tend to be very light stars," said Rebull.
because the Pleiades cluster is so close, it serves as an ideal cosmic laboratory to compare stellar qualities with spin rates.
"the Pleiades star cluster provides an anchor for theoretical models of stellar rotation going both directions, younger and older," said Rebull.
we still have a lot we want to learn about how, when and why stars slow their spin rates and hang up their 'dance shoes,' so to speak.
Rebull and her colleagues detailed their latest analysis of Pleiades spin rates in three new papers, soon to be published in the Astronomical Journal.
a controversial baseball star steps down
Alex Rodriguez' tears ran quicker than the US baseball star had run from base to base, in better days.
after his emotional announcement of retirement, the 41-year-old pro will wear his New York Yankees jersey for the last time on 12 August, against the Tampa Bay rays.
"I love this game and this team."
"I'm saying goodbye to both of them," the 14-time All Star Major League baseball (MLB) player explained.
Rodriguez was voted the most valuable player in the league three times, and in 2009 he won the World Series with the Yankees.
he signed a ten-year contract, which has brought him 27 million US dollars every year since 2007.
until the end of the contract on 31 December 2017, he will work as a consultant and a youth coach - on full pay.
Rodriguez paid this back in terms of playing performance long ago.
with 696 home runs, 3114 hits and 2021 points for his team ("runs"), for the Seattle Mariners (1994 to 2000), the Texas Rangers (2001 to 2004) and since 2005, the Yankees, he has reached rather a few milestones.
along with Hall of Fame members Hank Aaron and Willie Mays, there are only two other baseball players who can boast similar key statistics.
however, the 41-year-old cannot be welcomed into the baseball Hall of Fame.
because no matter how successful Rodriguez - nicknamed "A-Rod" - was on the pitch, his behaviour off the pitch was just as controversial.
as far back as 2009 the superstar told ESPN that he had taken banned steroids between 2001 and 2003.
in August 2013 he was banned for 211 games until the end of 2014 for his involvement in the "biogenesis scandal."
Rodriguez was the main suspect accused of having received performance enhancing drugs via an anti-ageing clinic in Florida over a period of years.
after a legal battle, the ban was reduced to 162 matches.
"the league might even have done me a favour in 2014 - I'd played for 20 years without a break," Rodriguez said, summing things up.
even his final days didn't go off without a bang.
while many baseball legends take to the great stage over their last few games, Rodriguez had to sit on the sidelines.
"My job isn't about a retirement tour."
"My job is about trying to win every game," stated Yankees coach Joe Girardi.
nevertheless, Rodriguez, who was married to actress Cameron Diaz and who has been rumoured to have been linked to pop star Madonna and actress Kate Hudson, had the support of the fans of Yankees' arch rivals, Boston Red Sox.
"We want A-Rod," the fans sang as they were defeated 4:9 by Rodriguez' team.
2016 Olympics: Chen Xinyi, Silwia Danekowa and Adrian Zielinski are the first doping cases
Busted: After a sample tested positive for doping, weightlifter Adrian Zielinksi from Poland is not allowed to compete in Rio.
Rio de Janeiro - the 2016 Olympic Games have been overshadowed by the first official cases of doping.
one now-banned athlete had almost won a medal.
the first official doping cases of the Rio Olympic Games were announced ahead of the seventh day of the competition.
Chinese swimmer Chen Xinyi, 3000-meter hurdler Silwia Danekowa from Bulgaria and Polish weightlifter Adrian Zielinski tested positive in Brazil, and have been excluded. Just before the start of the athletics competition, which has not escaped criticism, this news comes at a bad time.
the Sunday before, Chen had revealed the presence of the diuretic hydrochlorothiazide, which is used to mask drugs.
the international sport tribunal Cas confirmed on Friday afternoon local time that she had been banned from the Olympic Games.
on Sunday, the 18-year-old had taken fourth place in the 100m Butterfly final - missing out on a bronze medal by just 0.09 seconds.
Chen was supposed to have taken part in the 50m Freestyle heats on Friday.
Chen applied to the International Olympic Committee (IOC) for a hearing and to have her B sample opened.
the national association is taking the instance "very seriously, and asks that Chen cooperate fully with the investigations," quoted Xinhua from a press release: "We will collaborate with the international sports tribunal Cas and will accept their decision."
for the first time in history, the CAS, not the IOC, is responsible for sanctioning sportspeople who test positive.
also overnight in Rio, the news about Danekowa's positive test leaked out, and the 33-year-old went on the offensive herself.
"I had three tests, all of which were negative, and my fourth test was positive," which was "an unbelievable shock," she said to Bulgarian TV channel BNT.
she said she was innocent and that "the only explanation could be food supplements," the athlete explained.
according to the report, the banned substance involved was the blood doping chemical EPO.
Danekowa was suspended as a precaution, and according to BNT, a B sample also tested postive.
Bulgaria's Prime Minister Bojko Borissow spoke up immediately to criticise the athlete.
"I do not understand why sportspeople do not draw the right conclusions," he said: "We Bulgarians are under observation, so many have already been banned."
almost all the weightlifters from the nation, which has been plagued by doping, were not allowed to participate in Rio.
on Friday the case of "Adrian Zielinski" was announced: the winner at the London Olympics in the weight category of up to 85 kg had tested positive for the anabolic steroid Nandrolone three days earlier, just like his brother.
both deny taking it, but neither was allowed to compete in the weight category of up to 94 kg.
ahead of the athletes' start, the case of Danekowa is another heavy blow for the reputation of the entire sport.
the World Federation IAAF had banned the entire Russian team, with one exception, for systematic doping, and running nation Kenya also created a mass of bad news in Rio.
in swimming, China's earlier offence had caused heated disputes between the athletes themselves.
Camille Lacourt, from France, spoke out harshly against Chinese Olympic winner Sun Yang.
"Sun Yang's pee is purple."
"When I look at the podium for the 200m freestyle, I want to throw up," Lacourt said on French radio.
in addition, Sun was at the middle of an argument with Mack Horton, from Australia.
"I have no time and no respect for drug cheats," he said.
sun tested positive for the stimulant trimetazidine at the Chinese championships in 2014, but only had to sit out for a three-month ban.
data theft: This is how perfidiously hackers extort ransom money
programmers of extortion malware are currently targeting companies - with success.
according to a recent survey of 540 companies in North America, the UK and Germany by Malwarebytes, the malware defence specialists, 40 percent of the companies surveyed had fallen victim to one, two, or several attacks involving extortion software in the past twelve months.
in Germany, around 20 percent of the companies had already been targeted by a ransomware attack.
40 percent of the victims willingly paid up the ransom demanded by the perpetrators so that they were able to use their systems and data that had been affected by the attack.
according to Malwarebytes' observations, it is noticeable that perpetrators are tailoring their extortion software to attacks on corporate networks.
if they are successful in that domain, the ransom money they can demand is significantly higher than it would be for private users.
"We are currently seeing harmful software develop terrifyingly quickly," explains Malwarebytes' CEO, Marcin Kleczynski, in an interview with "Die Welt" newspaper.
in 2008, most malware programmes were still focused on sending out adverts.
then perpetrators discovered extortion software.
private users were initially the target, but the shift to corporate attacks took place terrifyingly quickly over the past few months.
Ransomware follows a simple pattern: Once activated on a user's computer, it seeks out files that have not been edited for a long time, like Word, Excel or database files, as well as image and video archives.
the ransomware encrypts these files, and deletes the originals for good.
finally, the software presents the extortioner's demands.
the victim has to transfer money - generally in the form of "Bitcoins," a cryptocurrency - to get the decryption code needed for the files.
but while it's a personal photo database that's at play for private users, it's sensitive customer data or project databases needed for the continuation of projects that are the focus for companies.
as a result, the damage from a ransomware hit is greater.
22 percent of German companies affected reported that they had suffered a fall in turnover due to ransomware, 13 percent had to cease trading entirely, and in one instance, people's lives were put at risk.
in Germany, several hospitals have already fallen victim to attacks, and their patients were placed under serious threat as a result of the loss of medical records.
"We always tell victims not to pay up: that simply exacerbates the problem," explains Kleczynski.
but 80 to 90 percent of companies who pay up get their files back.
faced with operations coming to a standstill, it is hard for managers to say no to the perpetrators' demands.
then again, the hackers know that, and do all they can to build up a good reputation.
a recent study saw security researchers from F-Secure examine user interfaces and contact with extortioners. They came to the conclusion that perpetrators really do try to construct a kind of customer service system so that they can get more money.
they explain to their victims via chat how to pay using Bitcoin, set up freely-accessible support websites, or decrypt sample files for free.
and while private individuals are targeted for sums of a few hundred euros, companies sometimes have to bargain hard and pay out five-figure sums to get their files back decrypted.
faced with the potentially high and relatively risk-free profits from ransomware extortion, hackers are becoming more and more professional, splitting up their work, explains security expert Chester Wisniewski from antivirus provider Sophos: "An individual can write a ransomware program within about a week."
however, it is more likely that three or four people will be involved.
the programmers then sell their malware to the actual extortioners in the form of a set of software building blocks.
malware kits to date, including the malware itself, advice and additional tools, have been sold for a one-off fixed fee of between 1000 and 10,000 dollars.
"the kits include an adapter tool so that smaller configurations can be constructed, and the appearance and branding can be changed," says Wisniewski.
the extortioners then look out additional hackers to distribute the freshly prepared software between victims.
we live in a service economy.
so you just log into an underground forum, buy the set from a criminal, and task someone else with installing the software on as many PCs as possible.
there's a payment made for every computer infected.
"Normally, criminals then task spammers with distribution," explains Wisniewski.
now, many companies are aware of the risks of ransomware, and they are protecting their data better.
more than 50 percent of companies' IT specialists in Maywarebytes' survey relied on using file back-ups and scanner software to beat ransomware.
as a result, perpetrators are already trying out new strategies.
"If simply encrypting files isn't enough of a threat to make an extortion request be granted, the perpetrators threaten to publish sensitive files instead, such as customer lists, or price calculations," explains Malwarebytes' CEO, Marcin Kleczynski.
this means that the risk potential is much higher than before, depending on the type of file.
in the future, perpetrators will be able to focus themselves on brand-new targets within the internet of things.
at the Defcon hacker conference, security researchers demonstrated how they could take control of a thermostat connected to the internet.
in the midst of winter, many victims would pay a ransom to have their blocked heating turned back on.
in the future, if hackers switch off an entire production line in a factory instead of someone's heating, ransomware could also be a issue in Industry 4.0.
something for every situation
Honda HR-V is practical and perfect for everyday use
Honda wants to cram everything into the small HR-V: a bit of an SUV, a bit of a coupé, bundled up with the versatility of a minivan.
it seems a bit too much, but the HR-V, built on the same new platform as the new jazz, does indeed prove itself to be exceptionally flexible in daily use.
although the HR-V, at just 1.60m tall, seems small, passengers in the front and the back have got plenty of room, it's not a squeeze at all.
the materials used in the interior are well crafted, and have a pleasant appearance - just the surface of the dashboard lets the side down.
the HR-V is more versatile than comparable vehicles in terms of its loading space.
there isn't just a boot of 453 L with the seats up, and 1026 L with the seats down; there are the "magic seats" too.
this is rather less magical than it sounds: the seats in the back can be flipped up like cinema seats to reveal additional loading space, measuring 1.24 m from floor to ceiling.
the boot is easy to load, but the load height of 650 mm is a bit higher than it is in the Peugeot 2008, which is a comparable model.
the 1.6 L diesel engine we tested, with 88 kW/120 horsepower accelerates the HR-V powerfully, thanks to the torque of up to 300 Nm across a wide range of speeds.
however, it could certainly do its work a bit more quietly.
everyday consumption of 4.7 l/100 km was pleasing.
there is an additional motor: a 1.5 L petrol engine with 96 kW/130 horsepower.
All-wheel drive is not available.
its handling is balanced, a good compromise between speed and comfort.
the steering could be a bit more direct, however.
in the top-flight "Executive" version, which we tested, the fittings leave nothing to be desired.
the safety systems include city emergency braking assistant (functions up to a speed of 32), collision warning system, and the lane departure warning system.
the collision warning system is irritating occasionally: when parking, it sees lots of obstacles as "approaching objects."
the high-beam assistant system is very reliable.
and the intelligent speed regulator reacts to traffic signage, and reduces the vehicle's speed if necessary.
however, full connectivity is only available for the top-of-the-range model: 7 inch touchscreen, satnav, app integration, and more.
there are two USB ports and a HDMI port under the armrest, which makes them rather tricky to access.
it costs around 29,000 euros for a top-of-the-range diesel model, which is fair.
if you don't want to invest quite that much, the petrol model is available from 20,000 euros, and diesel from 23,000 euros.
the motors comply with euro 6 emissions standards.
with the HR-V, Honda is offering a diverse car that is perfect for everyday driving.
airline is not liable: Fall on passenger boarding bridge
an airline will not be liable for a passenger's fall on a passenger boarding bridge.
this is because liability only applies for risks typical for aviation travel, the Higher Regional Court of Dusseldorf argued (Az.: 18 U 124/14).
the claimant had broken a kneecap in the fall.
however, the accident could have happened anywhere - it was one of the ordinary risks of life, pronounced the court.
the airline did not have to pay the man any compensation.
when do organisers pay if illness strikes?
travellers who fall ill will only get their money back when they return home if there is no doubt that their illness was caused by something within their hotel.
however, this is only the case if more than ten percent of visitors can be proved to have suffered the same symptoms.
in this case, a family were stricken with diarrhoea and vomiting on the second day of their holiday in Turkey.
they spent almost all their holiday in their room.
the holidaymakers blamed a malfunctioning sewage treatment plant, which they believed to have polluted the seawater.
the family took the opinion that the holiday was unsatisfactory - and took the organiser to court.
the claimants had no luck in court.
it was true that the waste treatment plant was suffering from a fault.
but the organiser only found out about this just before the claimants departed.
until that date, the organiser had to assume that the seawater was acceptable.
according to the judgement, the organiser had not violated its information obligation.
in addition, no contamination was found in water samples.
when several hotel guests fall ill - possibly by infecting each other - the court views this as a general life risk.
only 38 of 691 guests fell ill.
de Maizière said that many people were worried about further attacks following the violence perpetrated by refugees in Würzburg and Ansbach in July.
he said that the state must react to the threat of terrorism with prudence and resolve.
one thing is for sure: Our country will not react to the perpetrators' violence with hatred and division.
we will not give the terrorists this victory.
if perpetrators have to leave the country quicker, that will boost security and increase the general public's approval of refugee politics.
de Maizière wants the proposals to be implemented before the federal elections in 2017.
he also announced that security services would receive more staff, to the tune of "a mid-four figure sum over several years."
advertising for terrorism must be punishable once again.
video surveillance is to be improved, and gun laws to be amended so that purchasing weapons online, in particular, is made more difficult.
doctors' confidentiality obligations, recently the subject of much discussion, are to remain, according to De Maizière.
however, he wants to talk to doctors to find solutions to reduce the risk to the general public with regard to mental illness, he said.
the Minister felt that improved social care was important to counteract the radicalisation of refugees.
teachers must be better trained for dealing with traumatised individuals.
de Maizière is planning to employ undercover agents to hunt down criminals in particular areas of the Internet (the Dark Web).
SPD Head Gabriel said that "the SPD is prepared to discuss anything that will increase security further."
he said it was important that the Minister of the Interior had spoken out clearly against actionism.
"That was a slap in the face for agitators in the CDU/CSU," said Gabriel on Friday to the newspapers of the Funke media group.
de Maizière had previously turned down calls from the coalition for a burka ban and the abolition of dual nationality.
he views an overarching ban of full veils as problematic under the constitution.
you can't ban everything you're opposed to, and I'm opposed to the wearing of the burka.
we can talk about the law with regard to traffic, or for witnesses appearing in court.
head of the Greens, Simone Peter, accused the Minister of wanting to use new anti-terror packages to create an air of energy and ability to act.
head of the Left, Bernd Riexinger, said that "smooth talking and tightening up residency laws are not going to make the people in this country any more safe."
better flow of traffic on the motorway slip road
traffic jams are a regular occurrence on the bypass - here's a photo from November.
but that is about to change: the right-hand turning lane is to be extended.
this is good news for all drivers stuck in rush-hour traffic on the bypass every evening as they drive onto the motorway slip road (A43).
next Tuesday and Wednesday (16/17 August), the State Roadworks Office will extendthe right-hand turning lane in the area between hammer Straße and the exit from Weseler Straße by 700 metres.
this means that drivers will be able to feed in directly from hammer Straße.
the major advantage is that traffic will split earlier, improving overall circulation on the busy section of main road 51.
the CDU fraction in the Münster (West) district administration came up with the idea to lengthen the exit.
the traffic on the slip road is particularly bad for drivers between 5pm and 7pm.
on weekdays, the traffic jam stretches to the bridge over Albersloher Weg - and sometimes even goes over it.
this is caused by the bottleneck on the B51, just before the exit onto Weseler Straße.
from here, there is only a single lane of traffic over the motorway bridge.
the second lane was removed a good eighteen months ago.
the reason for this was that structural analysis had shown that the bridge was no longer capable of supporting the weight caused by two lanes, particularly the weight of heavy goods vehicles.
the relevant authorities cannot say how long this bottleneck, and the associated rush-hour traffic, will last.
it's going to be a matter of years: officially, the bridge will remain in use until 2034.
the district authorities deliberately chose the less busy period of the school holidays for the extension of the right-hand turning lane, because it will cause delays.
traffic will be diverted past the construction site in a single lane on Tuesday and Wednesday.
intercultural journey: Cultural programme for schools
the international class from the forest school has been to see "The Invisible House" at the theatre.
the "Nima's" association and Young Theatre are now planning a musical project.
the "Nima's" association enables young people from a migrant or refugee background to visit cultural institutions in Münster.
the "International Class" at the Kinderhaus forest school saw a performance of the award-winning play "The Invisible House" at the Young Theatre in Münster.
within the framework of the "Intercultural Journey" set up by Nima's, 19 pupils aged between 11 and 15 saw the play in the small house.
the association's objective is to encourage cultural integration of young people from migrant and refugee backgrounds, and since the start of the year, it has offered schools with welcome classes with the chance to attend cultural institutions in Münster as part of this project.
most young people in the class arrived in Münster between September 2015 and March 2016 from Afghanistan, Iran, Serbia and Syria, among others, and spoke little German.
thanks to the choreography, scenic images and video animations they were able to follow the plot regardless, according to the press release from Münster's Young Theatre.
Nima's, founded by Dr. Tannaz Westerberg from Sprakel, and the Young Theatre, will work on a musical theatre project together over the next season.
from October to December, young people aged between 14 and 20 with and without a migrant and refugee background will have the chance to attend professionally-led courses for singing, dancing, acting, and music.
there are also plans for acting and theatrical language training for children and families.
the "Intercultural Journey" project continues.
as a result of the increase in the number of refugees, the association is expecting that many classes will want to take part.
rain replaces shooting stars: There is hope that the weather will improve
for people hoping to spot shooting stars in South-West Germany on Thursday night, the weather put paid to their plans - but all is not lost.
the President of the Observatory of Welzheim, Hans-Ulrich Keller, said on Friday morning that the clouds and rain overnight meant that conditions were not ideal for observing the celestial show.
we are pinning our hopes on Friday night.
the weather is supposed to be good, so we'll definitely see lots of shooting stars in the sky.
the shooting stars are the Perseids: some of the quickest shooting stars, travelling at 216000 kilometres an hour.
their name refers to the fact that they seem to come from the constellation of Perseus, which is visible in the north-east.
silent night: tips to fight sleep disorders
in the evening your mind won't stop whirring, you lie awake for hours each night, and by the time morning comes, sleep is far from your mind even well before your alarm goes off.
this is anything but relaxing.
if you suffer from these issues, you're in good company: According to the Robert Koch Institute, around a quarter of adults suffer from sleep disorders, and more than ten percent find that they often or always wake up not feeling refreshed.
how do sleep problems or sleep disorders manifest themselves?
there are various forms of sleep disorders, and they can have many causes, emphasises Hans-Günter Weeß, President of the German Association for Sleep Research and Sleep Medicine.
what people generally understand by sleep disorders is insomnia: a problem with falling asleep and sleeping through the night.
many people feel that their sleep throughout the night is unsatisfactory or inadequate, says Jens Wagenknecht, Member of the Board of the German Association of General Practicioners, who practices in Varel in Lower Saxony.
what is behind sleep disorders?
the causes of sleep disorders are complex.
biological, psychological or behavioural factors can be to blame, along with medication.
a sleep disorder is often a reflection of another illness.
"Waking up very early is common with depression, in particular," says Weeß.
and it can be the case that several factors have an impact on each other.
if you have a slipped disk, for example, you might find it hard to lie down, wake up every couple of hours, and start to grumble about everyday problems and worries, suggests Weeß as an example.
that causes tension, and it is impossible to sleep.
when should you see your doctor about sleep disorders?
if, over the course of a month, you sleep poorly for at least three nights a week, and find that this impacts you during the day, you should see a doctor, advises Weeß.
they can impact in various different ways: You could be exhausted, tired, poorly rested, suffer from difficulties concentrating and staying alert, be irritable, have mood swings or physical complains such as stomach ache or headaches.
to be able to treat a sleep disorder, it is important to work out what is causing it.
behaviour changes, cognitive behavioural therapy or medication - with traditional sleeping tablets only being used in exceptional circumstances and for a maximum of two weeks - are all options for treatment.
there are hardly any registered sleep doctors in Germany, emphasises Prof. Ingo Fietze, Head of the Interdisciplinary Centre for Sleep Medicine at the Charité University Medicine Centre in Berlin.
as a result, you should first turn to your GP if you're suffering with a sleep disorder, recommends Weeß.
your doctor will examine you to see if the problems have a physical cause.
who should go to a sleep lab, and what happens there?
doctors recommend an examination in a sleep lab for patients whose snoring disrupts their breathing, for people who feel abnormally sleepy during the day, for sleepwalkers, or if the cause of a sleep disorder cannot be pinpointed, explains Fietze.
you don't have to prepare for the examination at all.
you should spend the day normally.
"just - please don't take an afternoon nap," says Fietze.
after being cabled up, you head to bed at your normal time.
in addition to the electrodes on the body, you wear a nasal cannula, a belt across your chest and a sensor on your finger.
in addition, a camera mounted on the ceiling records the sleeper.
how can those affected get a grip on the problems they are experiencing?
there are a fair few areas that can be adjusted to encourage a better night's sleep.
Weeß lists them: going to bed and getting up a regular times, not staying in bed too long, not sleeping during the day, not watching television to get to sleep, avoiding alcohol, and not looking at the clock during the night - because then you start working out times straight away, and that's not helpful at all.
what the jungle camp has got to do with missing swimming medals
former German swimmer Markus Deibler has posted on Facebook about the disappointing performance of the DSV team at the Olympics.
in December 2014 he got his first gold medal at the Short Course Swimming Championships in Doha, while setting his first world record.
now the former DSV athlete Markus Deibler has come forward on Facebook to defend his ex-teammates from criticism.
"in a country in which an Olympic champion is awarded 20,000 euros and the King of the Jungle gets 150,000 euros, nobody should wonder why medals aren't being won," the 26-year-old wrote on Thursday night on his Facebook page.
the remuneration system in swimming is poor, but doping tests, on the other hand, are very good, he says.
this means that we cannot compete with countries who pay a lot and that don't pay as much attention to doping, or even encourage it.
"I'm not saying that we should stop our tests," he went on to explain.
if he wanted to make a comeback, Deibler would have to register with the National Anti-Doping Agency for Germany (NADA) nine months before he started.
this is exactly how it should be with countries.
"If you don't submit to WADA/FINA checks a particular amount of time before the World Championships/Olympics, then you shouldn't be able to take part," the Hamburg resident stated, who now runs an ice-cream parlour.
Airport: A gang of luggage thieves are arrested
professional thieves at Dusseldorf airport
plain clothes officers from Dusseldorf's police force managed to arrest two women and two men, aged between 50 and 61, on Thursday.
the suspects had worked as a group to steal several bags and items of luggage.
around 9.30 p.m. civil servants in Dusseldorf Airport recognised a gang known to the police from previous thefts.
the two men and two women had committed multiple crimes since mid-July, and had committed the offences as a group, dividing up their work in a particularly professional way.
the specialists from the 34th police inspectorate were able to prove that the thieves, who had travelled to Germany to commit the crimes, had committed four crimes.
they had made more than 15,000 euros as a result.
old buildings, a couple of little Linden trees, and a few cobblestones among them: at first glance, Berlin-Friedrichshain's Rigaer Straße doesn't look as if it's one of the streets that the police consider to be among the most dangerous in the city.
if you walk along the street from east to west, you come across playgrounds, a freshly painted kindergarten and a health-food shop.
someone has spraypainted "horrid!" on the facade of a house.
opposite a Lidl, due to be pulled down soon, construction is already underway: by 2017, a building with large windows and 133 new apartments to rend is expected to be constructed.
articles on this "trendy district," as the property company responsible has dubbed Friedrichshain, have been illustrated with pictures of burning cars over the past few weeks.
the reason for this is house 94: At first, it was occupied by squatters, then the inhabitants had rental contracts, but some rooms on the ground floor are still occupied by squatters and used for events.
Berlin's Senator of the Interior Henkel had called multiple times since the start of the year for the police to take a hard line against the project that has made the area a "no-go zone" for police and singled out 94 as the starting point for autonomous violence.
after the rooms on the ground floor, the Kadterschmiede, were cleared on 22 June by 300 police officers, the police patrolled the area for three weeks, according to official statements, with 30 to 40 officers and three vans, closing parts of the street and preventing visitors from accessing house 94.
during this period, builders renovated the rooms on behalf of the unidentified owner of the house.
on 13 July Berlin's Administrative Court ruled that the clearing was illegal, and, one day later, police and builders left the site, to the cheers of supporters and residents.
on this summer afternoon, the street seemed peaceful: parents were out walking with their children, people were sitting on their houses' steps in the sunshine, other people were chatting in front of the off-licence.
near the house project there is a primary school and a kindergarten.
far-left violence is not what worries most residents the most: Kerstin Neugebauer, who has lived in the district since 1999, and Jana*, who has brought three children up here, are mainly irritated by the police presence.
they share the inhabitants of the housing project's fears of rising rents and gentrification.
it doesn't sound like a district that wants more police protection against left-wing vandalism.
the schisms that Berlin's Senator for the Interior and the police believe to have opened up between the squatters in the house and their neighbours do not exist.
Friedrichshain, in the east of Berlin, was traditionally a working-class neighbourhood. Even today, it has a lower average income and a higher risk of poverty than the rest of the city.
squatters in houses and the residential projects they spawn are nothing new in the district: in 1990 numerous houses in the then-GDR were full of squatters, including almost all of Mainzer Straßer, near Rigauer.
while those on Mainzerstraße were cleared out during a real street battle with a large police deployment, many of the projects in Rigauer were legalised, and are to a certain extent still inhabited by the people who first squatted there 26 years ago.
at the same time, the district has become more and more of a magnet for tourists and Berlin residents who come from all over the world: residents from GDR times and former squatters are now sharing their district with them.
this can be felt in the rents, which have climbed by almost 60 percent since 2009.
many of the new buildings in Rigauer are seen as symbols of this development: this is clear from their broken windows or freshly painted facades splattered by paint bombs.
no other street has been mentioned so often this year in connection with "autonomous left-wing violence."
one reason for not all neighbours seeing this as a problem could be that they are not directly affected by crime: according to statistics, almost all crimes such as bodily harm are directed against the police.
the majority of crimes are damage to property, which tend to target new buildings and recently renovated properties.
for Kerstin Neugebauer, who has been living in a block of flats next-door to controversial number 94 for 17 years, there can be no talk of uncertainty.
she is calm about acts of violence: the people at number 94 are her neighbours, they certainly had nothing to do with it.
even the notorious burning cars have not played a role in Rigaer for a long time.
the trained architect does not see her street as a crime flashpoint - quite the opposite: "Here we help each other, live together along the street, and talk to each other more than elsewhere."
Neugebauer chose to move to Rigauer Straße - and she chose to stay there.
this is also why it was so important to her that residents got their street back: back from the police, politicians and the media who suddenly started claiming how important the district was in July.
but in the eyes of residents like Neugebauer, the street is still being taken away: by impersonal new developments in old empty sites, which drive out old residents.
"They are freehold flats, and most people here aren't interested in that - people here generally aren't so well-off," she said.
"I absolutely cannot condone violence and destruction."
but what should you do when nobody listens to you?
then everyone gets frustrated, including the police and residents.
Kerstin Neugebauer has little sympathy for people who have moved in and are irritated by paint bombs: The housing project and the left-wing scene are part of the district.
if you move here, you should be aware of that - just like someone who moves into an area full of pubs should know they can't really complain about the noise.
all people only described using their forenames have requested that their real names are not used
Urbach: Annika Deutscle is the new Commissioner for Refugees
Annika Deutschle is the contact person for integration and organisation.
she will also work on-site as a social worker.
Annika Deuschle has been the Commissioner for Refugees for Urbach since July.
the social education worker will assist the management team run by Achim Grockenberger.
she views herself as a point-of-contact for all involved: refugees, people from the working group for refugees, administrators, authorities, and anyone else.
Regine Kunde from the working group said that the volunteers are more than grateful that Deuschle is now available to work as a jack-of-all-trades to help anyone experiencing difficulties.
that's what some people said when management posted the advert for the job - meaning it less in a mocking way, and more with reference to the number of tasks that were to be performed.
they were looking for a manager with people skills and communication skills, combined with years of experience in social work - a real jack-of-all-trades.
however, managerial work is not how she spends most of her time, Annika Deuschle says.
it is primarily about organisation, working on-site with people, even in the background, and networking, she says.
the 31-year-old has been in post for around six weeks.
she has taken the 50% job for a fixed term of three years.
it was high time," Regine Kunde said, that Annika Deuschle offered support to voluntary and full-time workers.
there are major problems, minor problems, organisational problems, problems with people, comprehension problems.
new containers will soon be located in Wasenstraße
for a while, one major problem has been finding homes subsequently for refugees that have been given certified status.
communes themselves are responsible for subsequent accommodation.
they have to house the refugees in their own properties or in rented properties.
communes themselves have to bear the costs for constructing, renting or renovating this accommodation.
responsibility switches from district administration to communes and job centres.
the problem: Properties are free, but not every landlord is prepared to let.
the search has been very difficult for a while.
de facto, the administration cannot find any private homes.
according to Deuschle, being reliant on private homes has not worked.
this is why the commune's homes need to be beefed up, as it is so neatly put.
consequently new containers will soon be located in Wasenstraße.
but homes alone will not do the trick.
perspective is the key word, and Regine Kunde and Annika Deuschle agree on that score.
in addition to a fixed abode, internships, apprenticeships, school places, "one-euro" traineeship jobs and temporary jobs need to be found or set up for refugees and migrants.
"more jobs would be good," reports Regine Kunde.
many people work in builder's yards or help caretakers, or do voluntary work - and that provides motivation in a very orderly way, as Annika Deuschle reports.
she hopes that working for the community leads to a positive public perception.
this is not "Employment therapy."
being active doesn't just mean working.
the day needs a fixed structure, Deuschle and Kunde say.
people need to develop a sense of belonging.
consequently there is a need to provide sports, contact to locals, and, above all, language courses.
professional courses are rare.
there is where the administration and volunteers can get involved.
she says it is key that refugees feel as if they are wanted and welcome in Germany.
the length of time that processes take is a problem.
they have to explain to refugees that it will take that long, and that the time can be filled productively - for example, with language courses.
if someone feels that they can't help anyone in Urbach, that they aren't allowed to work, and that they are useless, they'll never integrate.
the clear majority are motivated.
but there are also problem cases, Kunde says honestly, "people for whom nothing works." As a result, Deuschle and Kunde's work will always be to motivate others.
all told, this is "a mammoth task."
a tricky question: After recent events, are the two women worried about radicalisation, even in a small commune like Urbach?
"No," Regine Kunde said clearly, "which some people might call naive." She could not and did not want to ignore the chance of a residual risk remaining.
however, volunteers are already aware of this.
these issues are already discussed by the refugees.
they were afraid that the attackers would bring them into total disrepute.
"They want to show they have nothing to do with it," Regine Kunde said.
many of them would like to stay in Urbach.
so full-time and volunteer staff have to keep an eye open for jobs in the town and across the region.
but they always have in the back of their mind that a new group of refugees and migrants could soon be arriving in Urbach.
does Germany need a cap?
politicians shy away from answering this question.
it is unfair to show them volunteers on site.
"in Urbach we've not got to where we wanted to be quite yet," said Annika Deuschle.
the situation would ease a bit if they did not receive any new refugees.
Regine Kunde also makes clear that the residents of Urbach have their hands full with integrating the refugees who have arrived to date.
currently they amount to around 100 people, predominantly young men.
but when people are in need, you've got to help them - and both women agree on that.
the political situation is so complicated that there are no easy answers to be found there.
Schorndorf: Search for intruders made by helicopter
the police helicopter flew above various areas for about an hour - without success.
two unknown men broke into an apartment in an apartment building in Lindenweg on Friday morning at around 8.50am.
the residents surprised the two men, who fled.
the two men were between 1.65m and 1.70m tall, probably wearing masks, both wearing blue jeans and black hooded tops.
they were heading towards the centre of town.
the police launched several strip patrols and a police helicopter to try and find them.
without success.
it may be the case that the unknown assailants were recognised near the apartment or during their escape.
Baden-Württemberg: Police launch investigation after bikers attack a snack bar
after an attack on a snack stand in Ulm, police have launched investigations against six suspects who associate with the biker community for a serious breach of the peace.
House searches had revealed evidence and drugs, the police revealed on Friday.
according to the police, around 20 masked men from a biker-esque clan had thrown bottles and stones against the window of the snack bar.
afterwards, two customers were attacked, one of whom was slightly injured.
then they fled.
damage amounting to 10,000 euros was caused to the snack bar and the neighbouring building.
investigators believe it was a dispute among Ulm's biker gangs, between a Kurdish gang and a Turkish gang.
Thüringen: Zeiss Meditec comes closer to reaching a billion in turnover
strong demand for medical technology in Asia has boosted Carl Zeiss Meditec's turnover.
over the first nine months of the business year that started in October, the company's turnover grew by 6.7 percent to 789.6 million euros, as the listed company reported on Friday in Jena.
its business in Asia grew disproportionately, by 17.1 percent.
profits before interest and taxes increased from 89.5 million euros to 110.5 million euros, according to the interim report.
the Jena-based medical technology company wants to cross a turnover threshold of one billion euros this year, said its Board of Directors.
Zeiss Meditec produces devices and equipment for doctors' practices and clinics.
the company is owned by the Carl Zeiss optics and electronics firm (Oberkochen), and employs just under 3000 people.
Munich 1856: Four maps that will change your view of the city
a mental asylum, where today young people are said to meet.
a crypt chapel, where they are now digging tunnels for the S-Bahn.
allotment holders cultivate the soil of former farmers.
the oldest official map of Munich brings captivating stories to light.
it is annoying when geographical maps are not up-to-date.
anyone who has ever got worked up because the car's sat-nav is showing a green field instead of a bypass knows that.
the historical maps of the digital BayernAtlas, an offering from the State Government's Geoportal Bayern, are anything but up-to-date - and yet it is precisely for this reason that they are so informative.
especially when one compares them with current online maps.
then it becomes clear how the towns and municipalities in the distribution area of Munich's Merkur newspaper have changed since the 19th century.
the digital BayernAtlas is a patchwork quilt that one doesn't quite recognise for what it is at first.
within the large overview map, were worked in detailed maps for towns and municipalities, so-called original-lay-of-the-land sheets.
according to information from the Bavarian surveying and mapping Authority, these came into being between 1810 and 1864 and arise out of the first survey of Bavaria.
their commissioner: Napoleon.
the French army commander had occupied Bavaria since the spring in 1800, during the War of the Second Coalition with Austria.
Napoleon wanted to gain an overview of the occupied land and commissioned a topographical survey - naturally for military purposes.
even if the French troops finally retreated with the Treaty of Lunéville from 9th February 1801: it was the current neighbours who had the idea to create a comprehensive map of Bavaria.
Elector Max IV. Joseph propelled the project further forward, founding the "Topographical Bureau" - and with that, the Bavarian surveying and mapping Authority.
the original lay-of-the-land sheet for Munich originates from 1856 and, like all the others, can be found on the website of the Bavarian State Library.
the comparison of past/present is most impressive taking the example of the state capital.
the city has stretched out in all directions and coalesced.
an example of this is Untersendling, which still appears relatively isolated on the map from 1856.
Sendling was incorporated as an urban district of Munich 21 years after the map was created.
today, Untersendling lies in the middle of the city.
around 1856, Untersendling's houses are concentrated along what is today Plinganserstraße, which was first named in 1878 after Georg Sebastian Plinganser, a ringleader of the Bavarian farmers' revolt against Austria in 1705.
where the West Park is today, one sees nothing but field - at first sight: upon zooming in, a more detailed small-scale map with dozens of lines and numbers appears: hand-numbered plots from the so-called "original record," from which the property tax was derived.
today, it is no longer farmers who occupy small parcels there - rather, it is allotment holders of the "Land in Sonne" facility.
a large green area is apparent to the north of Untersendling.
Theresienwiese, since 1810 the scene of Oktoberfest, was in the 19th century still actually a "Wiese" - a meadow - and not a concrete wasteland.
on the other side of the Isar, the historical map gives an insight into the history of psychiatric medicine.
in the original lay-of-the-land sheet, in the area where today the borough of Au-Haidhausen is, one can make out not only the street name "am Gasteig" or the elevation "Auf der Lüften" - but can actually read in large letters "mental asylum."
yes, here on Auerfeldstraße, they once imprisoned people with delusions.
the Munich district mental asylum "Auf der Auer Lüften" had come to life there in 1858/59.
from 1872, Dr. Bernhard von Gudden led the institution - the psychiatrist who is associated with the death of King Ludwig II.
"He was progressive for his time and ended, for example, the practice of chaining up the so-called mad men.
what is more, he forbade the staff from using violence against the inmates," says Hermann Wilhelm, leader of the Haidhausen Museum, which has been busying itself for an exhibition with the establishment.
originally there was place for 280 patients; later this was expanded to 500 places.
at some point even this capacity was no longer enough - the reason why the district mental asylum in Haar was constructed in 1905.
the Isar Amper Clinic, East Munich, has been located there since 2006, one of the largest psychiatric units in Germany.
on the plot of the former Auer institution, young people now meet in the Munich Salesianum.
the order acquired the building complex in 1920 and converted it into a youth centre with training programmes.
to the west lies the football pitch of TSV München OST, and to the east, residential houses from the 1980s.
in 2015, the "Casa Don Bosco" nursery was built - in the architectural style of the original mental asylum building, which had been destroyed in the Second World War in bomb attacks.
Marienplatz was recorded as the "main Square" in around 1856, and Kaufingerstraße was called "Kaufinger Gasse."
the Second World War also brought a decisive change to the heart of Munich.
the bombs of the Allies tore many holes in the city centre in December 1944.
one big one remains up to this day - at the Marienhof.
the English Institute, small commercial premises and a crypt chapel from the Middle Ages once stood in the Marienhof, where these days, preparations for the second S-Bahn main line are underway, with first digging to follow on 5th April 2017.
you can use the slider control to compare the old Munich map with the aerial view from today - and to fill in the hole at the Marienhof.
civil rights group issues travel warning for Missouri
the National Association for the Advancement of colored People has put out an alert for people of color traveling to Missouri because of the state's discriminatory policies and racist attacks.
"the NAACP Travel Advisory for the state of Missouri, effective through August 28th, 2017, calls for African American travelers, visitors and Missourians to pay special attention and exercise extreme caution when traveling throughout the state given the series of questionable, race-based incidents occurring statewide recently, and noted therein," the group's statement reads.
a recent Missouri law making it harder for people to win discrimination lawsuits, as well as the state's law enforcement disproportionately targeting minorities prompted the group to issue the travel alert, the NAACP said.
"You have violations of civil rights that are happening to people.
they're being pulled over because of their skin color, they're being beaten up or killed," the president of the Missouri NAACP, Rod chapel, told The Kansas City Star.
"We are hearing complaints at a rate we haven't heard before."
it is the first such warning that the organization has issued for a state in the US.
the group cited incidents such as racial slurs against black students at the University of Missouri and the death of Tory Sanders, 28, a black man from Tennessee.
Sanders died under questionable circumstances earlier this year after he ran out of gas while traveling through the state, and was taken into custody by Missouri police without being accused of a crime.
the advisory also points to a recent report by the Missouri Attorney General's Office showing that black drivers in the state were 75 percent more likely to be pulled over than whites.
"the advisory is for people to be aware, and warn their families and friends and co-workers of what could happen in Missouri," Chapel said.
"People need to be ready, whether it's bringing bail money with them, or letting relatives know they are traveling through the state."
Missouri recorded 100 hate crimes in 2015, according to the latest figures from the FBI's hate crime reporting program, ranking the state at 16th in the country in terms of the number of such violations.
the travel warning is also a response to a new Missouri law that would make it more difficult to sue a business for housing or employment discrimination.
previously, the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) had issued travel advisories for Texas and Arizona after the states passed immigration enforcement laws requiring local law enforcement to detain people on immigration violations which the ACLU said would increase racial profiling.
travel warnings are usually issued by the State Department for other countries, but lately, advocacy groups have resorted to the measure in response to certain laws and trends inside the US.
pasture fence project is fundamental
the Fischerbach pasture fence project is a successful project and will be continued next year.
members of the Bundestag for the CDU Peter Weiß and Kordula Kovac got a first-hand view.
representatives from the Fischerbach local CDU group met with mayor Thomas Schneider and the two representatives at Rechtgrabenhof farm, belonging to the Schwendemann family.
to start with, Markus Schwendemann gave insights into his business, in which he cultivates 55 hectares of pasture and 40 hectares of woodland, keeps 40 milk cows and just as many young stock, and accommodates five apartments of holiday makers.
Schwendemann says that, for him, there is no alternative to the "Black Forest milk" marketing channel he uses for the milk from his cows.
only regional produce is served to the holiday-makers.
since he is also BLHV chairman for Fischerbach, he described the pasture fence project as "fundamentally important."
I can't make a profit on that kind of steep-sloping ground.
grassland areas make for a lot of work, a lot has to be done with the string trimmer.
"We have to grapple with the conditions and with the topography here," stressed Schwendemann.
in 2003, he took over his parents' business and he manages this without chemical crop protection and fertilisers, even if it's not an organic farm that he's running.
for Mayor Thomas Schneider, it was clear that "the community has recognised the importance of the pasture fence project and is happy to have the Leader funding."
the farmers need support to the tune of 3000 to 4000 euros per hectare.
one hopes that with that, afforestation of the area could then be drawn out for a long while.
"the biggest asset that we have are the people who work in agriculture and who give thought to how to bring their businesses forward," stressed the mayor.
the farmers are often the target of criticism thanks to the funding.
using the pasture fence funding, a total of 25 plots from eleven participants were fenced off in 2013.
the areas kept open with these amount to 40 hectares, which may not be afforested until at least 2023.
of the total costs, to the tune of 71,500 euros, half was funded via Leader, and a quarter was borne by the community of Fischerbach.
the farmers were thus left with 12,610 euros, which they had to invest in the 16.2-kilometre pasture fence.
"the great advantage is the longevity of the fences," explained Schwendemann.
Kordula Kovac stressed: "You're doing a really good job. Without farmers we'd not be able to function."
Peter Weiß is also standing firm: "first-class foodstuffs are produced here."
the Baden-Württemberg directive on countryside conservation (LPR) makes the government funding of pasture fences possible.
its goal is to keep the Black Forest open.
a prerequisite is the existence of one of the funding scenarios as outlined by the LPR.
in addition, the fenced-off area is not allowed to be farmable with a tractor (gradient of over 35 per cent) and must therefore be threatened with afforestation.
for the 2018 Fischerbach pasture fence project, an application is currently underway from eight participants with 24 plots who would like to build just shy of 16 kilometres of fence.
the areas of land to be kept open equate to 35 hectares; the calculated costs amount to more than 112,000 euros.
is nothing sacred?
now Trump's White House is targeting the Statue of Liberty
the surest mark of regime change is when they start attacking the statues.
Americans appreciate this as well as anyone - hence the carefully stage-manged toppling of Saddam Hussein in Firdos square in Baghdad in 2003.
Stephen Miller, one of the key ideologues of the Trump regime, surely knew what he was doing when he took a symbolic axe to the Statue of Liberty in a heated argument with CNN's Jim Acosta over the president's proposals to drastically limit legal immigration.
in fairness, Miller did not attack the statue itself.
a horde of boat-trip owners and Liberty impersonators would have lynched him if he did.
but he did attack its meaning, and in particular the meaning ascribed to it when Emma Lazarus's famous poem was added to its base in 1903, 17 years after the monument itself was completed.
as Miller scolded Acosta: "I don't want to get off into a whole thing about history here, but the Statue of Liberty is ... a symbol of American liberty lighting the world.
the poem that you're referring to, that was added later and is not part of the original Statue of liberty."
Miller is factually correct, but as he put it himself, this is not really about history.
it is about the contemporary resonance of Lazarus's startling words, the only ones in which a state has appeared to invite not just any old immigrants, but the poorest of the poor: "Your tired, your poor, / Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, / The wretched refuse of your teeming shore."
there has never been a time when the "wretched refuse" has been more visible on our screens.
Miller was not engaging in literary criticism - he was making it clear that these people are not welcome in Trump's USA.
this conflict about the meaning of a statue is part of a wider political and cultural war: it is really a conflict about the meaning of America.
Lazarus - and her friends who campaigned to place her words at the base after her death - knew very well that they were engaging in a highly political act.
the sculpture was intended to mark the connections between French and American republicanism by representing in a well-worn classical trope, the female embodiment of Liberty.
Lazarus changed that meaning: in her poem the female figure is no longer abstract - she has a voice.
and she gives herself a very different name: Mother of Exiles.
the marrying of the poem to the image is a brilliant feminist coup and a devastating attack on American nativism.
and just as Lazarus changed the meaning of the statue, rightwingers have long wanted to change it back.
the great loudmouth Rush Limbaugh, a kind of John the Baptist for the coming of Trump, argued in 2010 that Liberty is not inviting anyone in, but is rather an early neocon, taking the American flame out to the benighted world: "Lady Liberty is stepping forward.
she is meant to be carrying the torch of liberty from the United States to the rest of the world.
the torch is not to light the way to the United States."
rather unusually, Limbaugh actually hit on something.
the meaning of the statue is entirely a matter of the angle of perception.
Lazarus's great imaginative act was to see it as it would be seen by exhausted, wretched but hopeful people on the decks of ships after long and often dreadful journeys.
it is literally about seeing the world from the perspective of people seeking refuge and a chance to better their lives.
her statue speaks back to them the words of hope and welcome they need to hear.
and of course, this is not the perspective Miller and Trump want ever to recognise.
their torch is meant not to light the way, but to inflame the hatreds that are their only source of power.
world Championships 2017: Neil Black praises Scottish members of Team GB
Eilidh Doyle recalls a time when only two Scots made the GB team
UK athletics' performance director Neil Black says the 16-strong Scottish contingent in the World Championships squad will make "a massive contribution to the team."
a record number of Scottish athletes have been selected for London 2017, which starts on Friday.
Black believes "There's something special evolving" in Scotland and UK athletics must learn from that.
"We embrace it and we're trying to understand it and we'll push on that until we work it out," Black said.
"I speak to people in the Scottish Institute of Sport and they think it's something to do with what they've done.
Scottish Athletics think it's something to do with what they've done.
British athletics: it's something to do with what they've done.
and the guy on the corner street, too.
whatever the combination of circumstances, it's absolutely brilliant."
several of the Scottish athletes are medal contenders, including Laura Muir and Andrew Butchart - who will race against Sir Mo Farah in the 5,000m, while Eilidh Doyle was voted by the squad to be team captain.
"Eilidh is slightly modest.
her captain's speech was incredible," says black.
"a number of athletes, whether they were Scottish or wherever they live or train, walked out of that room feeling hugely proud and really motivated.
the passion and real feeling that Eilidh naturally put into it were great."
the Commonwealth silver medallist, who will compete in the 400m hurdles at her fifth World Championships, says it's "incredible" 16 Scots are in the British team.
Scotland's previous best total of athletes at the worlds was seven, achieved in 1983 and 2015.
Middle-distance runner Muir is leading the way, having set five British and two European records in the past year.
she will go in the 1500m and the 5,000m.
Chris O'Hare, who runs in the 1500m, is another Scot to watch, following a great season that included victory at the British Team trials and the Anniversary Games.
Doyle remembers her first world championships, when the only other Scot in the team was Lee McConnell.
the team captain says she's "hugely proud" of the fact so many of her compatriots have not only made the team, but, in some cases, will be challenging for medals and competing to make finals.
"the special thing about being team captain is that it was voted for by the other members of the team, so that it was such a huge honour anyway but to know that your teammates have voted for you and chosen you made it extra-special for me," she added.
"Obviously, I'm very proud of all the Scots who've made the team.
it just shows how far we've come.
and they're here as well-established athletes, athletes that are going to be looking to get on podiums.
as for my captain's speech?
yeah, I think it went well.
I just drew on the fact that we're very lucky in this situation in that we've got a home World Championships.
so it's really just the importance of drawing on that home support and thriving on the fact that we're back at the Olympic Stadium.
I'm getting a second chance to go out there and compete and it's just going to be such an amazing atmosphere out there."
blocking critics from Facebook: Don't run for public office, if you can't take heat from voters
the father of our country knew something about bad press.
Americans loved George Washington, but it didn't take long for newspapers to start slamming him on everything from domestic policy to his political principles.
he chafed at the criticism, sure.
but he did not silence his critics.
because back in 1783, Washington said, "the freedom of Speech may be taken away - and, dumb & silent we may be led, like sheep, to the Slaughter."
that brings me to Maryland Gov. Larry Hogan, who needs to work on being more like Washington.
Hogan's staff has blocked and deleted the posts of at least 450 people who voiced their opinions on his official Facebook page.
and the American Civil Liberties Union sued him for that earlier this week.
the governor's staff dismissed the lawsuit as frivolous, and the online commentary was rich with a "who cares?" backlash.
"It's only Facebook," plenty of folks said.
but it matters.
and it especially matters when it's a guy like Hogan.
this is a Republican governor in an overwhelmingly Democratic state who is astonishingly popular.
he has the second-highest approval rating of the nation's 50 governors.
Hogan is not a reactionary hothead.
he's shown a steady hand in leading his state and a stern adherence to principles.
he's also been pretty deft at using Facebook as a primary means to connect with his constituents, playfully debuting his hairless head after chemo treatments on his page.
so blocking people who come to the governor's page - which is a public forum, labeled as official and administered by staff members paid public tax dollars - is unnecessary and ultimately dangerous.
in an interview with The Washington Post, Hogan spokeswoman Amelia Chasse defended the governor's actions, arguing that blocking the comments was nothing more than moderating them.
but it's too easy to use the image of trolls or spammers or hateful folks lashing out online.
the Post talked to some of the real people blocked by Hogan.
and they're just that - real people talking to their elected leaders: a teacher, a business owner and a pastor, not trolls.
they all said that their comments were respectful, thoughtful and not profane.
the pastor quoted the Bible in his post, appealing to Hogan's Catholic faith.
attorney Lakshmi Sarma Ramani of Bowie, Md., wasn't hateful, but she asked about hate crimes.
"I politely commented that I was disappointed in his lack of response to hate crimes and other recent news items," she wrote in the comment section of The Post's news story.
"I also do not appreciate that idea that when a number of people comment on the same topic, they are immediately disregarded by some as a so-called collective effort, rather than recognized as a large group of concerned citizens."
what the governor's staff called a "concentrated spam attack" others would probably call "advocacy."
the Facebook era makes it easy to tailor a message by simply blocking a critic or deleting a negative comment.
it's a lot cleaner than the old days, when doing the same would have required sending staff out to collect and burn newspapers with critical editorials or arresting and silencing protesters.
but that's exactly what's happening, only digitally.
Hogan isn't the first public official to be criticized for defanging Facebook and other social media.
President Trump is being sued by Twitter users who were blocked from his Twitter feed.
one of the first landmark rulings on this issue came down last week in Virginia.
the chair of the Loudoun County Board of Supervisors violated the First Amendment, according to U.S. District Judge James C. Cacheris in Alexandria, when she banned a constituent from her Facebook page.
and in Kentucky, Gov. Matt Bevin (r) also got a visit from the ACLU over his use of Facebook and Twitter.
this shouldn't be so hard.
in Washington's time, the era of affordable postage had an impact much like the Internet.
the number of newspapers quadrupled between 1776 and 1800, and anonymous letter writers hammered his leadership.
and even back then, Washington had anonymous trolls.
people using the pseudonyms "Juricola," "Valerius," "Belisarius," and "Portius" all wrote letters to newspapers trashing Washington's decisions.
petitions criticizing his stand on the Treaty of Amity, Commerce, and Navigation with Britain overwhelmed his office, according to the historical documents collected by the online Papers of George Washington Project.
but he did not silence them.
freedom of speech, dissent and discourse lie at the very foundation of our nation.
and true leadership means accepting that.
Ronan Rafferty hopes for home comforts at Renaissance Club
former European No 1 Ronan Rafferty will be hoping for home comforts over the next three days as the Renaissance Club in East Lothian hosts the 25th edition of the Scottish Senior Open.
the Northern Irishman, who led next door at Archerfield Links heading into the final round last year before losing out to Paul Eales, is attached to the new venue and is acting as tournament ambassador on behalf of the club's founder and CEO Jerry Sarvadi.
"I watched Renaissance Club being built, and we're seeing it come to its glory with this event," said Rafferty.
"the players will see this course at its finest, it is in fabulous condition.
Jerry has done a fabulous job setting this place up.
he's a keen advocate of this game and is proud of his achievement here.
this is a great showcase for this course."
Englishman Eales is looking forward to defending a championship for the first time despite winning on both the European Tour and European Challenge Tour in his 32-year career.
"This does feel really special," said the Southport-based player.
"I didn't get to defend the Extremadura Open because that was taken off the schedule the year after I won it.
coming back to this part of the world is magical.
it's a wonderful place to play golf in.
the memories from last year are coming back and it was special for me and my wife Sharon to win last year.
it was a really special time and one we will always cherish."
making his return to action on home soil is Gary Orr, who joined the European Senior Tour after turning 50 earlier this year.
this event will be his first Scottish appearance since the Aberdeen Asset Management Scottish Open in 2013.
"It always means a little bit more when you're playing at home," said Helensburgh man Orr.
"You want to do well; but you do feel that extra pressure.
I've really enjoyed playing again and I've played some solid golf.
I'm happy with how it's going so far."
joining the trio in the field are former Masters winner Ian Woosnam and Senior major champions Paul Broadhurst, Roger Chapman, Mark James and Mark McNulty.
Orr and former Ryder Cup captain Sam Torrance are among six Scots in the field, the others being Andrew Oldcorn, Stephen McAllister, Bill Longmuir and Ross Drummond.
admission is free of charge, with car parking charged at £5 per car with one occupant and £10 per car with two or more occupants.
all proceeds go to Prostate Cancer UK.
fewer lung cancer deaths due to passive smoking
in past two decades, an ever decreasing number of people have died from lung cancer due to passive smoking.
this is the conclusion drawn by scientists from the University Medical Centre Hamburg-Eppendorf (UKE) in a study.
"According to our estimations, 167 lung cancer deaths a year can be attributed to passive smoking," said study leader Heiko Becher.
for comparison, he referred to one of his own studies on this topic from 1994.
back then, there were still 400 lung cancer deaths due to passive smoking every year in Germany.
the new study is published in the "International Journal of Public health."
home connections prove to be very complex
the building works in Villinger Straße are in full throw and "are more or less on schedule," according to the manager of the construction yard, Fred Heinze.
in terms of home connections, the situation is more complicated than expected, since lots of things are hidden in the substrate that were not noted in the plans.
the traffic, which always disrupts building works, poses a big problem for the Stumpp company construction crew.
"the ignorance of car drivers around red lights and barriers is really huge," reports Heinze.
the street is closed off and only the public busses are allowed to drive through.
Angelo Caruso, Marvin Kostorz and Tim Kostorz from the Stumpp company have been engaged in the works on the bridges for weeks.
"the hot days were pretty exhausting, for sure.
but luckily we were supplied with cold mineral water by our friend Fritz Matt," explained Marvin Kostorz.
poverty and Death in Indonesia's Land of Gold
when Bardina Degei cooks dinner, she doesn't use a stove.
she rarely even uses a pot.
in her wooden home in Enarotali, the capital of Paniai Regency in the restive Indonesian province of Papua, the housewife usually just places a sweet potato - known locally as "nota" - directly into the fireplace.
after half-an-hour, the charred tuber is retrieved and devoured with eager, unwashed hands.
Degei sits on the mud floor - she has no furniture - which is where she also performs her daily chores, such as washing clothes with murky water from the nearby swamp.
a bucket in a roofless room serves as a latrine.
as the youngest of her husband's four wives, she has been assigned no fields to tend.
polygamy is common here.
of course, working late can be dangerous: Most of the village men are unemployed and many drink heavily, plus there are the soldiers.
"no one dares to walk around the village after 5 p.m.," she says.
it's a rare glimpse of daily life in the highlands of Papua, a former Dutch colony that was absorbed into Indonesia in 1969 following a controversial referendum, when just 1,026 elders were forced to vote through a public show of hands before occupying troops.
an existing movement agitating for independence against Dutch rule swiftly turned its ire against the Jakarta government, which maintains tight control over the region, barring foreign journalists or rights monitors.
in 2003, the province was officially split into Papua and West Papua, with independent Papua New Guinea occupying the eastern part of the island.
Enarotali is as remote as it is desolate; the journey here involves a 90-minute flight from the provincial capital Jayapura to Nabire, and then a stomach-churning five-hour drive by hire car.
there is no public transport.
the town of some 19,000 people consists of wooden houses ringed by bamboo fencing, corrugated iron roofs transformed by rust into varying tawny shades.
very few Indonesians have made the journey here, let alone journalists, and practically no foreigners.
before Christian missionaries arrived, Mee Pago Papuans worshiped a God named Uga Tamee.
there were other changes, too.
"We were not used to wearing these clothes," says Degei, indicating her vividly colored, hand-woven turban, dark shirt and a bright skirt.
"Before, we only wore leaves on our bodies."
Papua is Indonesia's poorest province, where 28% of people live below the poverty line and with some of the worst infant mortality and literacy rates in Asia.
but it is also Indonesia's land of gold.
the world's largest and most profitable gold mine, Grasberg, owned by Phoenix-based Freeport McMoran, lies just 60 miles from Paniai, a highland province around the size of New Jersey and home to 153,000 people.
in 2015 alone, Freeport mined some $3.1 billion worth of gold and copper here.
in addition, Papua boasts timber resources worth an estimated $78 billion.
these riches are, however, a source of misery for Papuans, ensuring Indonesia's powerful military maintains a suffocating presence.
a 2005 investigation in The New York Times reported that Freeport paid local military personnel and units nearly $20 million between 1998 and 2004, including up to $150,000 to a single officer.
Papuan calls for greater autonomy threaten this golden goose, and are dealt with mercilessly.
according to rights activists, more than 500,000 Papuans have been killed, and thousands more have been raped, tortured and imprisoned by the Indonesian military since 1969.
mass killings in Papua's tribal highlands during the 1970s amounted to genocide, according to the Asia Human Rights Commission.
Indonesian police arrested more than 3,900 peaceful protesters in the region last year alone.
we Will Lose everything, a 2016 report by the Archdiocese of Brisbane, contains testimony of atrocities committed the previous year, such as extrajudicial executions, torture - rape and electrocution are especially popular, according to another report - and the brutal crushing of peaceful demonstrations.
"It's difficult to count the number of victims as incidents happen every week," says Andreas Harsono, Indonesia researcher for Human Rights Watch.
the screws have tightened as Papua's resources bring an influx of settlers from elsewhere in Indonesia.
the province's 3.5 million population is 83% Christian, but the demographic is changing as Muslim economic migrants arrive from Indonesia's populous islands of Java, Borneo, Sumatra and Sulawesi.
Javanese warung canteens sell fried chicken and gado-gado mixed-vegetables served with peanut sauce.
local people struggle to compete.
"the migrants started to sell chicken and vegetables in the traditional market cheaper than the local Papuans," explains Abeth You, a 24-year-old Paniai native who moved to the provincial capital Jayapura for work.
"It made the native Papuans - the mama-mama [the women] of Papua - lose their market."
Indonesian President Joko Widodo, popularly known as Jokowi, vowed to address the inequalities and rights abuses in Papua during his election campaign in 2014.
the former carpenter secured 27 of Papua's total 29 districts - including Paniai - on the way to the Presidential Palace in Jakarta.
but precious little has changed in Papua, and today local people feel betrayed.
"Our hearts have been broken because in 2014 we voted for Jokowi, with the expectation that he would fulfill our hopes for justice to be restored," You says.
in fact, Paniai suffered a nadir just two months after Jokowi's October inauguration.
on Dec. 7, 2014 a group of 11 children were outside singing Christmas carols in front of a bonfire in Enarotali when two Indonesian soldiers on a motorbike broke through the gloom.
the startled children told them that they should turn on their headlights.
one of the soldiers took umbrage at their tone and later returned with four soldiers, according to local Pastor Yavedt Tebai.
the soldiers, who had been drinking, chased and beat the group with their rifle butts, said victims and witnesses.
then one of the soldiers fired into the group of children.
one child, 16-year-old Yulianus Yeimo, was beaten so badly he fell into a coma.
a couple of hours later, the nearby government Election Commission building was set ablaze, and things escalated the following day.
about 1,000 young Papuan men, women and children gathered on a soccer field in front of the local police station and military command center to demand justice.
they carried ceremonial hunting bows and performed the waita dance - running in circles and simulating birdsong - of Papua's Mee Pago tribe.
some protesters started hurling stones at police and military posts.
as tempers grew more heated, an order was sent to the soldiers through internal radio: "If the masses offer resistance more than three times, shoot them dead," it said, according to an official document seen by TIME that has not been released to the local media.
Yeremias Kayame, 56, the head of the Kego koto neighborhood of Enarotali, saw the impending danger and appealed for calm, imploring the crowd to go back home.
nobody was in the mood to listen.
"When I turned around I suddenly got shot in my left wrist," he told TIME on the porch of his brightly painted wooden house.
Kayame still doesn't know who fired but says the bullet came from the ranks of amassed soldiers.
"It was crowded, many shots were fired," he adds.
local man Alfius Youw was hit three times, according to his cousin who witnessed the shootings.
"I ran to him and examined his body to make sure it was him," Yohanes, who like many Indonesians only goes by one name, told TIME somberly.
"I saw he was dead ... I kissed him."
the Papua Police Chief Inspector General Yotje Mende told reporters that his officers were only "securing" their station because it was under attack.
"We have to defend ourselves when people threaten to kill us," Papua Police spokesperson, Commissioner Pudjo Sulistiyo said in 2015.
"It's a matter of life and death."
according to Human Rights Watch, five young protesters were killed and many more injured.
news of the killings only filtered through to Jakarta the following day.
three weeks later, Jokowi gave an impassioned speech in Jayapura, where he expressed sympathies with the victims' families and vowed to address the historic abuses in Papua.
"I want this case to be solved immediately so it won't ever happen again in the future," he said.
security Minister Wiranto said in October 2016 that he was setting up a non-judicial mechanism to settle historic human-rights violations.
but the excuses started almost immediately.
"most of the violations occurred a long time ago.
some were in the '90s and in early 2000s.
the point is we are committed to addressing these violations, but there are processes to go through," he said.
then Wiranto backtracked when speaking to TIME in Jakarta on June 5, saying he has no plans to establish a grievance mechanism in Papua.
instead, "All will be settled by law," he said.
Wiranto, who the U.N. has indicted for "crimes against humanity" relating to more than 1,000 deaths during East Timor's bloody 1999 independence vote, said that 11 cases of human-rights violations in Papua have already been settled, including the Paniai incident.
families of the Paniai victims greeted such claims with grim incredulity.
"I've been interviewed four times for the past three years, but there has been no progress at all," Yohanes says.
"I'm tired."
he says that years later, he still lives in fear.
"I'm afraid," he says.
"I'm afraid of being arrested by the military, afraid to be shot."
his brother Yacobus echoed the view that people in Paniai are fearful of discussing the incident.
he says he was beaten by the military after helping to bury four of the victims.
"After burying the bodies, the military came looking for me," he says.
the shootings haven't stopped.
on Tuesday, Indonesian police shot at villagers in Paniai's neighboring Deiyai regency.
one person died and 17 others were wounded, including children, during a confrontation between villagers and the manager of a construction company who refused to help transport an unconscious man to hospital.
the man, 24-year-old Ravianus Douw who drowned while he was fishing in a nearby river, died on the way to hospital.
incensed villagers protested in front of the company's site office.
police said the villagers threw rocks at officers, who responded by firing warning shots.
but locals say the mobile brigade (Indonesian paramilitary police) began shooting at the crowd, killing one.
"We were so panicked, we are afraid there will be revenge," 29-year-old Dominggu Badii, who lives near the hospital and witnessed the injured being hurried in, tells time.
"I have been hiding in my house for two days."
the Deiyai parliament has called for the officers involved to be held to account and the police mobile brigade to be withdrawn from the area.
Paniai has always been a troublespot for the Indonesian government.
the lack of meaningful development feeds the discontent of the tribal Mee, Moni, Dani, and Damal peoples, who live sprawled across Papua's verdant central highlands.
many joined the Free Papua Movement (OPM), the rebel army that claims to defend the rights of the Papuans by launching sporadic attacks and kidnapping raids on Indonesian soldiers.
some of the top OPM leaders hail from Paniai, including Tadius Yogi and Daniel Yudas Kogoya.
in response, thousands of people in Paniai have been arrested and arbitrarily detained by the military in recent years, under the guise of "safeguarding national sovereignty."
some never reappear.
among the people of Papua, Paniai is known as "a tragic, forgotten place."
poverty feeds the discontent.
the little rice on sale in Enarotali is too expensive for locals to buy.
bread is just as out of reach.
people here grow everything they eat: mainly nota plus some fruit and leafy vegetables.
farming is the job of the women, who each can maintain four or five fields of the sweet potato.
they usually keep most of the harvest for the family, with the rest sold in the local market.
ten pieces of nota cost only 10,000 Indonesian rupiah (75 cents).
over time, economic inequalities have grown between the native Papuans and the new migrants, who have arrived in greater numbers since the opening of a new air routes to Nabire Airport.
what few jobs exist typically go to the better-educated and wealthier migrants.
Papuans rarely have the capital or the necessary skills to run their own businesses competitively.
"the young people are not interested to stay in the village ... because there's no jobs or money here," says John Gobai, the chairman of the tribal council of Paniai.
isolation keeps the world's eyes off Papua.
in addition, reporting restrictions for international media remain tight.
earlier this year, French journalists Franck Escudie and Basille Longchamp were deported from Papua for a "lack of coordination with related institutions" despite having been granted rare permission to film.
according to Phelim Kine, Deputy Asia Director of Human Rights Watch, Jokowi's election campaign pledges to lift reporting restrictions to boost transparency and development have not been realized.
"There are new hazards for foreign journalists attempting to report from Indonesia's restive easternmost provinces of Papua and West Papua: visa denial and blacklisting," he said in a statement.
the lack of press scrutiny means international pressure on the Indonesian government has been largely limited to Papua's immediate neighbors.
in March, six Pacific nations - Tonga, Nauru, Palau, Tuvalu, the Marshall Islands, and the Solomon Islands - urged the U.N. Human Rights Council to investigate the "various and widespread violations" in Papua, including the Paniai shooting.
these same countries have historically backed the OPM.
Indonesian Foreign Ministry spokesperson Arrmanatha Nasir shrugged off the group's allegations, telling journalists in Jakarta, "In Indonesia, a democratic system still applies and there's free media so it's hard for the evidence of human rights cases to be covered up."
local people want more foreign governments to take note.
when an official delegation from the Netherlands, headed by the nation's human rights ambassador Kees Van Baar, visited Jayapura on May 4, local people broke their silence, beseeching, "We want freedom," according to a source who also attended the meeting but who asked to stay anonymous.
Indonesia has another presidential election in 2019, but Papuans say they are unlikely to vote again for Jokowi.
"Jokowi is a person who has good intentions, but he is surrounded by the people who are involved in the Paniai shooting," says Gobai, the tribal council chairman.
he wants Jokowi to know that the Paniai people, aside from living under the looming threat of a rapacious military, wallow in destitution, with paltry education and health services.
Gobai says the Paniai people, like other Papuans, consider their vote to Jokowi as a "debt" he must repay.
"They don't need money, they just want justice," he says.
despite the threats and intimidation, families of the Paniai shooting victims carried out one last symbolic act of defiance: burying one victim's body on land just opposite the police and military station.
knowing that justice may never be served, at least they won't let those responsible forget their crimes.
"a member of our family has been killed," says Yacobus, head bowed.
"What else could we do?"
fire engulfs Dubai's 'Torch' skyscraper for second time
a fire ripped through one of the world's tallest residential towers in Dubai on Friday, forcing hundreds of occupants to flee the 337 metre-tall, 79-storey structure.
it's the second blaze to sweep through the high-rise - which happens to be called the Torch tower - in just two years.
the building was evacuated, no injuries were reported, and there was no immediate word on the cause of the blaze.
"We were sleeping and we woke up to the fire alarm and people screaming.
we ran down the stairs and it took us about 10 minutes to reach from the 50th floor," a resident who gave his name as George told Reuters.
Dubai's civil defence authorities said firefighting squads put out the blaze at around 4.00 am local time (0000 GMT) and were cooling the building.
the government said it was working on providing shelter for those affected.
the incident may revive questions about the safety of materials used on the exteriors of tall buildings across the world.
an investigation by the management of the Torch after its 2015 fire found that most of the damage was to the cladding, exterior panelling used for decoration or insulation.
in the UK, police have said they believe the system of insulation and cladding panels on London's Grenfell Tower may have contributed to the rapid spread of a fire there in June in which some 80 people died.
no Davis Cup reform: Best-of-five continues
the president of the International Tennis Federation has failed with his big Davis Cup coup in the general assembly.
at the meeting in Ho Chi Minh City, the (for this sport) revolutionary suggestion to from now on play the Davis Cup singles over only best-of-three sets received just shy - by a whisker - of the necessary two-thirds majority in support.
the admittedly often very long, but for that reason also greatly treasured, five-set classics are therefore surviving in the traditional competition.
63.54 per cent of the member countries voted in favour of the reform; ITF president David Haggerty's objective was therefore only just missed.
"We respect the decision, but are disappointed that our member nations have not accepted the entire reform package for the Davis Cup and Fed Cup.
we need change in order to secure the long-term future of this iconic and historic competition," said Haggerty.
there will continue to be work done to improve the competition.
after many objections beforehand already, the suggestion to hold the final at a neutral location did not even make it to the vote.
new from 2018 are only comparatively small details: so, in future, the finalists of the David Cup and Fed Cup will have the right to host in the first round the following year.
in order to keep costs to a minimum for organisers, the requirements in matters of training courts etc. are being simplified and the players will not have to give so many official media appointments ahead of the Davis Cup.
more than 1 in 5 US travellers carry prohibited items onto aircraft, survey finds
a survey of airline passengers found that more than 20 per cent had knowingly or unknowingly smuggled prohibited items past the US Transportation Security Administration checkpoints onto the aircraft, including at least 6 per cent who boarded the plane while unintentionally carrying prohibited knives or other bladed objects.
less than 1 per cent claimed that they discovered belatedly that they had mistakenly travelled with firearms, ammunition or explosives.
the survey of more than 1000 people - which was conducted by a jet-chartering service Stratos Jet charters Inc. - also found that younger travellers were more likely to flout the rules.
of the respondents who admitted knowingly trying to fly with something banned by the TSA, 19.7 per cent were millennials, compared with less than 15 per cent who were members of Generation X.
the most common items whisked past TSA agents on purpose were food and liquids.
more than 3 per cent admitted knowingly carrying bladed items past security, while 2.2 per cent of female respondents and 3.7 per cent of male respondents also acknowledged intentionally carrying prohibited drugs onto the aircraft.
the company said it surveyed travellers around the country to find out how many had accidentally brought contraband through airport security and how many had done so on purpose.
it's no surprise that the people most likely to haul contraband past security - knowingly or unknowingly - were those who fly the most.
as the company points out, however, the TSA guidelines are somewhat complicated and confusing.
people are often uncertain of what liquids they can carry or how much of them.
so it's no surprise that the largest amount of stuff seized by the TSA happens to be forbidden liquids.
for a time, people thought the TSA might be treating books as contraband.
liquids are allowed on domestic flights, but not on international ones.
Elon Musk doesn't care: Tens of thousands of Tesla customers cancel their orders
Electronics-multi-talent Elon Musk likes to brag about the huge number of pre-orders for his new Tesla "model 3."
up until now, he has withheld the fact that a portion of these customers have already cancelled their non-binding reservations.
alongside the always triumphant figures for sales increases and the even more gigantic sales targets, with the announcement of the most recent quarterly financial statement, Tesla boss Elon Musk has for the first time had to reveal another, less glamorous number: that of the cancellations for the new mass-market Model 3.
in recent months, Musk had frequently used those more than 500,000 pre-orders to talk up the new car, for which distribution is just starting.
Musk now concedes that of the 518,000 total pre-orders, 63,000 have already been retracted.
critics had time and again pointed out that they were only non-binding reservations.
in cases of cancellation, Tesla pays the 1000-euro (in the USA, 1000-US-dollar, and in Great Britain, 1000-pound) "reservation deposit" back in its entirety.
there are currently 455,000 such non-binding reservations, conceded Musk in a conference call with analysts.
however, the Tesla boss does not believe that the cancellation of as of yet 12 per cent of all orders could become a problem.
his argument: The challenge for ambitious growth targets is not in demand but on the production side.
last year, Tesla delivered 84,000 vehicles.
in 2018 - all models taken together - it is said to be 500,000, and in 2020, a million.
the demand is therefore clearly there.
according to Musk, a further 1800 reservations arrive each day.
anyone who orders a "model 3" today is looking at delivery in the second half of 2018 at the earliest - that's if Tesla manages to get its brand-spanking new production lines going, as of yet never tested in practice, without any major interruptions and at maximum capacity.
many experts doubt whether that's possible.
should there be major delays, however, the non-binding nature of the reservations could become a problem for Tesla.
for the company cannot then prevent unsatisfied customers from running away in droves.
EPA Chief Pruitt backtracks on Delaying Obama-era Rules to Reduce Emissions
one day after getting sued by 15 states, Environmental Protection Agency chief Scott Pruitt reversed his earlier decision to delay implementation of Obama-era rules reducing emissions of smog-causing air pollutants.
Pruitt presented the change as his agency being more responsive than past administrations to the needs of state environmental regulators.
he made no mention of the legal challenge filed against his prior position in a federal appeals court.
at issue is an Oct. 1 deadline for states to begin meeting 2015 standards for ground-level ozone.
Pruitt announced in June he would delay compliance by one year to give his agency more time to study the plan and avoid "interfering with local decisions or impeding economic growth."
Pruitt, who was Oklahoma's state attorney general prior to his appointment by President Donald Trump, has long served as a reliable opponent of stricter environmental regulations.
since arriving in Washington, Pruitt has repeatedly moved to block or delay regulations opposed by the chemical and fossil-fuel industries.
Wednesday's sudden reversal is the latest legal setback for Pruitt's regulatory rollback agenda.
last month, a federal appeals court in Washington ruled the EPA administrator overstepped his authority in trying to delay implementation of an Obama administration rule requiring oil and gas companies to monitor and reduce methane leaks.
in a statement issued Wednesday evening, Pruitt suggested his about-face on ozone standards simply reinforced the EPA's commitment to working with states through the complex process of meeting the new standards on time.
"Under previous administrations, EPA would often fail to meet designation deadlines, and then wait to be sued by activist groups and others, agreeing in a settlement to set schedules for designation," said Pruitt, who sued EPA more than a dozen times in his prior job.
"We do not believe in regulation through litigation, and we take deadlines seriously.
we also take the statute and the authority it gives us seriously."
still, the EPA's statement said Pruitt may at some point once again use his "delay authority and all other authority legally available" to ensure regulations "are founded on sound policy and the best available information."
Republicans in Congress are pushing for a broader rewrite of the ozone rules.
a House bill approved last month seeks to delay implementation of the 2015 rules at least eight years.
the measure has not yet been brought to a vote in the Senate.
new York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman, who led the coalition of states that sued the EPA this week, said the group intends to keep up the legal pressure.
"the EPA's reversal - following our lawsuits - is an important win for the health and safety of those 6.7 million New Yorkers, and the over 115 million Americans directly impacted by smog pouring into their communities," Schneiderman said.
new York was joined in the case by California, Connecticut, Delaware, Illinois, Iowa, Maine, Massachusetts, Minnesota, New Mexico, Oregon, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, Vermont and Washington, and the District of Columbia.
Ground-level ozone is created when common pollutants emitted by cars, power plants, oil refineries, chemical plants and other sources react in the atmosphere to sunlight.
the resulting smog can cause serious breathing problems among sensitive groups of people, contributing to thousands of premature deaths each year.
public health advocates and environmentalists cheered Pruitt's surprising change of course.
"It's disturbing how much pressure it took to get this commonsense step from the guy in charge of protecting the air we breathe," said Lori Ann Burd of the Center for Biological diversity.
"We've got to keep fighting the Trump administration's ideological crusade to pander to polluters and special interests."
Tumlingen is celebrating 750 years of the St. Hilarius Church
750 years of the St. Hilarius Church: To mark the anniversary of the mountain church, invitations are being issued to a serenade in the old cemetery grounds in Tumlingen on Sunday 16th July at 4.30pm.
due to its idyllic setting and beautiful view over the village, the historical site of St. Hilarius is a beloved place to tarry a while.
visitors to the sixth benefit serenade can let themselves be enchanted by this powerful place.
the Friends and Supporters of Tumlingen have made the rescue and preservation of the oldest building in the area their concern.
Walter Martini stresses: "It is a one-of-a-kind rural jewel."
the St. Hilarius chapel was first mentioned in records in 1267 in the Württemberg register: Count Hermann von Sulz sold "the mountain with the parish church for Tumlingen on it, together with the Bailiwick" to Master Eberhard von Horb and his brother Dietrich for 20 silver marks.
according to the text of the official document, aside from the former parish church, a lordly farm also stood on the Tumlingen mountain, which itself owned the church, or the right of patronage, and not the other way around.
people therefore also lived there too.
as is apparent from the upper administrative office for Freudenstadt's description in 1858, the "mountain" was, alongside the lower village and the upper village that can just about be made out still in the appearance of Tumlingen today, the village's third, grand centre of settlement.
all maps from the time of around 1600 substantiate this historical reality.
the right of patronage arose out of the Early middle-age proprietary church law.
a lord who built and furnished a church and staffed it with a priest still remained the owner of this church and was also able to bequeath this proprietary church right.
associated with this was the right to appoint a priest or nominate a new priest to the bishop.
there were three altars in the church and two bells in the Tower.
the larger of the two shattered at Christmas 1673.
the newly acquired bell then first chimed in 1692, but had to later be surrendered in the Second World War, in 1942.
during the 30 Years War (1616 to 1648) the window panes were smashed in and the bell ropes stolen.
the roof was leaky.
in 1796, French troops made camp in the vicinity of the church.
they brought out the pulpit and the pews and used them as firewood.
the remains of the church threatened to collapse in 1809.
up until 1869, the Hilarius cemetery in Tumlingen served as the last place of rest for Hörschweiler's dead.
in 1823, the cemetery was expanded and the Hilarius church was demolished.
only the church tower was left standing.
on new year's eve of 1834, a storm cleaved the church tower and half of it collapsed.
in order to prevent an accident, the tower was pulled down.
only the dwarf tower that is still present today survived as witness of the church's 750-year-old history.
today Horst Kallenberger and Rolf-Dieter Wasem from the "industrious pensioners" care for the Hilarius site, as successors of Dieter Dockhorn.
as event organiser, the Friends and Supporters of Tumlingen are issuing invitations to the sixth serenade in the old cemetery to St. Hilarius chapel, on Sunday 16th July.
it is being arranged by the Kepler Gymnasium, Freudenstadt, combo, with speeches from Kurt Kübler and Reinhold Matteis.
municipal administrator Hartmut Romann gave the closing words.
the programme starts at 4.30pm.
last admission is at 3.30pm.
the serenade will be rounded off with drinks in front of the cemetery.
"Enjoy a summer's evening under the shadows of old trees and with a wide view over the meadows right up to Forest," invite the organisers, emphasising the fantastic view.
the serenade will only take place in the case of dry weather.
the organisers are hoping for many backers in favour of preserving the historic St. Hilarius site, which is important to Tumlingen and to Hörschweiler.
the Friends and Supporters of Tumlingen feel especially bound to take care of their local region, as serenade organiser Walter Martini reinforced.
Association wants to have wind turbine approval examined
"Boisheim wehrt sich," sees no legal basis for the construction and has therefore turned to the District Administrator.
the association "Boisheim wehrt sich" has called on District Administrator Andreas Coenen (CDU) to retract his approval for the construction of planned wind turbines in Boisheimer Nette.
they say it was unlawful.
the association argues that at the time the approval was given on 30th December 2016, no wind turbines could have been approved in Bosheimer Nette, since at that time only one wind energy concentration zone existed in Viersen, on the city boundary with Schwalmtal.
construction and operation of wind energy plants are in principle possible within this concentration zone, but at the same time, the concentration zone has an exclusion against the use of wind energy for the rest of the city area.
such zones are said to prevent "asparagusisation" of the landscape.
the city of Viersen had in fact passed a resolution for a second wind energy concentration zone in Boisheimer Nette a few days earlier, through an amendment to the local land-use plan - but the Düsseldorf regional government had not approved it due to a formal error.
"due to the lack of legal planning requirements, the approval decision that was issued is still unlawful, and should therefore be retracted as well," said Christoph Erkens, chairman of "Boisheim wehrt sich."
the current state of affairs: the city council once again passed a resolution for the wind concentration zone in Boisheimer Nette before the summer break; approval from the regional government is still pending.
Erkens: "grant of approval for the construction of wind turbines on this site is therefore precluded by planning law."
the district confirms receipt of the call for action.
"the relevant correspondence was received by the district of Viersen in the last week," declared a spokesperson.
the district is taking it as a reason to investigate the matter afresh.
however, it is not expected to lead to a stop in proceedings.
with a view to the proceedings underway at the administrative court, the district did not want to comment on Thursday on the content of the arguments put forward by the association "Boisheim wehrt sich."
new Re, a subsidiary of new, is planning construction of four wind turbines, each 200 metres high, on a plot by Bosheimer Nette.
the company, in which the city of Viersen holds indirect participating interests, had concluded lease agreements with the owner of the roughly 65-hectare site last year already.
the construction of the four wind turbines should cover the energy requirements of around 11,400 households - that equates to around a fifth of the energy requirements of all Viersen households.
new Re wants to invest around 20 million euros.
last summer, Viersen city council gave the green light for the purchase of three wind turbines in the Linnich wind park near Aachen, as well as a share in a wind energy plant in Übachpalenberg in the district of Heinsberg.
car and tractor crash together: woman dies in terrible accident
a terrible accident occurred on Friday morning at around 10am on the L 333 between Niederwallmenach and Bogel (Rhein-Lahn district).
in it, a woman was fatally injured.
two other people were mildly injured.
the road remained closed for hours.
according to police information, a 17-year-old woman from Bornich, practising accompanied driving in her car with her 53-year old mother, the accompanying driver, was using the L 333 in the direction of Bogel.
town and dealers plan "hometown shopping" weekend
bad Langensalzaer and people from the region are to newly discover the shopping opportunities in their town centre in September.
the trade association and town authorities want to use the weekend of the 8th and 9th September to entice residents to a shopping spree in the town centre.
as chairman of the trade association Christian König announced, the "home-town shopping" weekend is meant to make customers aware of what offers their own town has available aside from the usual supermarket goods.
a market with local suppliers is thus planned, similar to the weekly market.
in addition, homegrown companies are to give showcases, with their apprenticeship places.
Furthermore, the businesses in the town centre are to invite people to come "midnight shopping."
the campaign is not only for residents of the town and the nearby region.
Adverts on the radio, an online video and printed bags that allude to the campaign weekend are in preparation, Christian König tells us.
town authorities and the trade association are cooperating with the Chamber of Industry and Commerce.
the trade association and the town are thus entering a further stage of the "attractive town centre" project.
to this belong new offerings such as the first "active day" for the fountain festival along with Sunday trading, talks with all the traders and proprietors to induce people to actively participate.
attractive offers on the Saturday and waiving of parking fees on this day are also part of the concept.
in addition, new and existing customer bases can be developed.
this includes spa guests and tourists.
but many locals too had lost sight of the town centre for shopping.
ultimately, it all has to contribute to breathing life into the town centre - right up to landlords, businesses across the whole town and associations.
we have to overcome the lethargy with a network that has partly built up, König had said in the spring.
Brigit Streich, head of the Chamber of Industry and Commerce centre in Mühlhausen communicated that five Thüringen towns are taking part in the nation's third "hometown shopping" day.
alongside Bad Lagensalza, these are Weimar, Sömmerda, Heiligenstadt and Bleicherode.
the day is intended to "promote appreciation for local trade and emphasise more strongly its importance for the common good of our towns," said Streich.
the campaign, under the leadership of the Chamber for Industry and Commerce and with many partners, also brings home that all citizens can themselves influence their immediate environment with their shopping behaviour.
two dead and several injured after explosion in US school
during construction works, there was a huge gas explosion in the school building.
another nine people were wounded.
at a gas explosion in the US city of Minneapolis, two people have died and nine others have been injured, some of which seriously.
according to information from the fire department, one injured person was still in a critical condition on Wednesday (local time).
one person died as a part of the school building collapsed during the explosion.
someone initially classed as missing was later also recovered dead.
the dead were employees at the school.
authorities suspected works on a gas pipe to be the cause of the accident.
being holiday time, only a few people were in the Minnehaha Academy building.
Trump pressured Mexico on border wall payment according to leaked phone call transcripts
transcripts of phone calls between US President Donald Trump and leaders of Mexico and Australia have been leaked by the Washington Post.
on 27th January in a phone call to Mexican president, Enrique Pena Nieto, Trump urged him to stop publicly saying he would not pay for a proposed border wall.
the US President berated him for publicly denouncing the wall, reportedly saying to him "You cannot say that to the press."
Trump launched his presidential campaign on a promise to build a wall along the US southern border and vowed to make Mexico pay for the project.
transcripts of his first call with Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull were also published revealing a tense exchange.
Mr Trump told Mr Turnbull a deal for the US to take on refugees headed for Australia was "ridiculous," "rotten" and "stupid," insisting the deal, brokered under the Obama administration, would make him look like "a dope" after he had proposed a ban on refugee resettlement in the US.
Mr Trump ended the call after telling Mr Turnbull "this is the most unpleasant call all day."
Moore's Ford Massacre: Activists Reenact Racist lynching as a Call for Justice
a 1948 Ford mercury passed through a group of onlookers in rural Monroe, Georgia, and rumbled toward the small Moore's Ford Bridge.
before the car, which had four black passengers and a white driver, could reach the bridge, a group of white men with guns stepped forward to block its path.
the leader of the mob - a middle aged man in a pinstriped suit - took a long drag on his cigar and peered through the windshield.
inside, the occupants reeled in fear.
"We want that n----r Roger!" the man barked.
"get him out of the car!"
screams ripped through the silence as a young black man was dragged from the front passenger seat.
fortunately, this horrific scene, which played out on July 22, is just a reenactment.
but when a noose is thrown around the neck of "Roger," nearly everyone in the audience let out very real gasps.
since 2005, civil rights activists have returned to the Moore's Ford Bridge to recreate the night two black couples - Roger and Dorothy Malcom, and George and Mae Murray Dorsey - were lynched by the Ku Klux Klan in 1946.
no one has ever been charged with the murders.
"It's mind boggling that all of these years, not a single person has been arrested - even though we see them in our communities; even though we know who they are," said Tyrone Brooks, who helps organize the reenactment.
"It's a stain on a history, but it's a burden on our souls."
brooks is a 71-year-old former Georgia state congressman and lifelong civil rights activist.
for him, the reenactment serves as a dramatic call to action and an annual reminder to the Monroe community that an injustice has never been corrected.
"We want prosecution, we want closure, we want healing, we want reconciliation, but we have to have justice first," he said.
"We can't get to healing and reconciliation until we get justice."
a coroner places a sheet over the body of one of the victims of the Moore's Ford lynching on July 27, 1946.
according to FBI files obtained by NBC News, more than 50 men from Monroe and the surrounding counties were suspected in the lynching.
but not one was ever prosecuted.
though the suspects have remained at large for decades, civil rights activists say the twin motivations for the lynchings were always well known throughout Town: politics and sex.
in April 1946, a Supreme Court ruling enabled black citizens in Georgia to cast ballots for the first time during the primary race later that summer.
around the same time of the election, according to the FBI, black sharecropper Roger Malcom stabbed Barnett Hester, a white landowner, during a fight - ostensibly over a woman.
brooks said the town rumor was that Hester had been sleeping with Malcom's wife, Dorothy, and that the baby she was carrying was not her husband's.
on July 25, 1946, Loy Harrison, a prominent white landowner, paid $600 to bail Malcom out of jail, according to the FBI.
he was accompanied to the prison by Dorothy, and their cousins, Mae Murray and George Dorsey.
but, driving away from the jail, as they approached Moore's Ford Bridge, a lynch mob surrounded the car.
"as it turns out it was Harrison who set up and ordered the murders," one FBI report concludes.
"It is also apparent that there was a conspiracy among state and local law enforcement, who not only took part in the murders, disposed of evidence and concealed the identity of witnesses."
brooks put it more succinctly.
"It was a voting rights Massacre," he said.
"They were all killed to send a message to black people in this community: 'If you register and if you vote, this is what will happen to you.'"
for nearly a decade, Cassandra Greene has directed the annual reenactment of the Moore's Ford Bridge lynchings.
her performance is graphic, gripping and grounded in a kind of deep racism that many would like to believe no longer exists in America.
it's difficult to watch, and even more difficult to look away, but Greene said that's the point.
"We don't want to talk about the lynching because it makes us face the ugliness in all of us," she said.
"But I can't build a relationship with you, if you won't hear me, or hear what I've been through."
rehearsals for this year's production began in June, and on the first day nearly 30 actors - a dozen white and the rest black - crowded into a room and listened as Greene launched into a well-rehearsed overview of the play.
Wade Marbaugh serves as Greene's co-director.
he's played the part of the head Klansman for years, but he said the role never gets any easier.
"I feel dirty because this is not who I am," said Marbaugh.
"But I think it's very important to keep this history alive because we don't want to go back to those times."
across the room, actors Darrius Bradshaw and Nick Rascona, who play Roger Malcom and Barnett Hester, rehearsed their lines.
the play begins with Malcom shouting and shoving Hester, livid that he's been sleeping with his wife, Dorothy.
"I said n---a, get off my property!"
Rascona fires back.
there's a beat.
and then everyone (at least all the black actors) bursts into laughter.
Greene laughs the hardest.
"What?!," Rascona asked.
he's alarmed, confused.
did I go too hard?
"No," Greene said through chuckles.
"I just don't think white people back then said 'n---a.'"
"Yea," one of the other black cast members quipped.
"You have to hit the hard 'R.'"
and just like that the energy in the room shifts; a sense of camaraderie replaces the discomfort.
everyone is dedicated to getting this right, not only for the sake of the play, but also for the memory of the four people killed.
the scene begins again.
this time, when Rascona says the N-word, it's sharp and emphatic.
absolutely no one laughs.
the reenactment ends violently and quickly.
there's screams, gunfire and then, silence.
a woman dressed in funeral black, stands over the actors bodies and performs Billie holiday's mournful eulogy, "Strange fruit."
her voice breaks on every other word.
a hundred yards back, a group of about four dozen spectators wipe sweat and tears away from their eyes.
the audience is almost evenly split between black and white.
one couple has traveled from Ithaca, New York, to see the performance, many are from just down the road.
they've all weathered Georgia's oppressive humidity for the nearly eight hours as Brooks lead them on a pilgrimage to the grave sites of the Malcoms and Dorseys.
up until this point, the murders have remained an anecdote, but now, standing on the same land where the lynchings took place, the air feels haunted.
as the final notes of the song fade, Greene invites the crowd to move closer and inspect the bodies.
children Crouch by their heads, take in the fake blood and still bodies, and whisper to each other.
"They're not really dead," one little boy mutters, as if to remind himself.
after a few minutes Greene thanks the crowd, and suddenly it's over.
the actors throw off the lynching rope and wipe away tears.
Bradshaw hugs Marbaugh, the man in the suit who played the head Klansman.
Nick Rascona hugs two of his castmates, and then breaks down crying in their arms; the emotional toll of the performance finally getting to him.
"It's okay," one of the women whispers.
"We know that's not what's in your heart.
you did this for a reason."
later, the audience sits down to dinner with the actors.
at one table, a white couple from Atlanta chats animatedly about the reenactment with a black couple they just met.
Denise Duplinski struggled to find words for how the performance made her feel.
"It's hard to hear those horrible awful words, and deeds ... come out of people that look like you and who do it because they look like you," she said.
"What this really does to me is make me think that lynchings are still going on," she added, "They're just called police shootings now."
across the room, Tyrone Brooks holds court at his table, eating and reminiscing about civil rights.
he said he's already begun planning for next year's performance.
"the reenactment is inspirational in a way because it describes the horror of what we endured, but it also is a teaching moment," he said.
"It's like, if you don't learn from this, it can happen again.
those who don't study their history, those who do not know their history, are doomed to repeat it."
"Götterdämmerung" propitiates Wagnerians in Bayreuth
in the fourth part of Richard Wagner's monumental work, director Frank Castorf again focusses on a colourful and frivolous production, set against a giant, six-storey backdrop.
the revolving stage (designed by Aleksandar Denic) shows either a shabby street corner, complete with remains of the Wall and kebab shop in Berlin, a "Plaste und Elaste" logo from the DDR times, or the New York stock exchange.
in front is parked an open vintage Mercedes car, in which the Rhinemaidens pose like rocker girls, or alternatively, an Isetta.
stacked oil barrels are reminiscent of Castorf's leitmotif - gold, power and greed - that runs through his production of the "Ring."
the three Rhinemaidens - sung by Stephanie Houtzeel, Wiebke Lehmkuhl and Alexandra Steiner - work wonderfully together, as they did already in "Rheingold."
they saucily seduce Siegfried (Stefan Vinke), lug a body in the boot in Hollywood manner, and play the riotous clique.
Stephen milling sings the part of the superbly nasty Hagen, who has the aura of a heavy-weight boxer.
the scene where he slays Siegfried is brutal.
later, Gunther (Markus Eiche) cops it too.
the audience thanks the ensemble with mighty applause.
there is a rapturous reception for Foster, Milling, Vinke and conductor Janowski, who effaces himself and bows his hands, forming a Merkel Diamond.
there is huge applause for the Festival Orchestra, who appear on stage for the first time - in casual leisurewear in view of the high heat.
the performance from Frank Castorf and his directing team had been awaited with excitement.
even if in 2013 he had had to endure another hall full of shrill catcalls, five years later there were great cheers, which drowned out the isolated boos.
festival head Katharina Wagner will likely have been delighted.
"Once can see that the audience has in some way grown into the "Ring,"" she had said shortly before the performance from the DPA.
the audience has not only made a kind of peace with Castorf, but on top of that, an understanding for his point of view has grown.
I see positive results.
Max Menge works as volunteer
during your voluntary service year, you're working at many locations simultaneously.
what are all the different places?
Menge: normally in Steinfurt in the furniture exchange, and once a week I help out here in Greven in the Möbelbrücke.
and I have also worked at the full-day school in their supplementary activities.
what are your experiences of that?
Menge: It is a nice, broad spectrum that I see here.
I deal with different people: with adolescents, with refugees, with young adults.
you are 26 years old now, so a volunteer with a late-calling.
how did that come about?
Menge: I did my Abitur exams.
and then I successfully abandoned, shall we say, a civil engineering course of studies.
I recognised that it is not right for me and that I want to do something else, work with people.
and then I asked myself, what do you do?
do a social year, you can get an insight, can see what it is really like on site, in the thick of things too perhaps.
and was it like that?
Menge: I gathered great insights.
I will start my studies in social affairs in the winter semester.
I will study in dual, probably do an apprenticeship as a welfare worker at the Herne child protective services and study in Hamm at the university of applied sciences.
is it not somewhat unusual to have several different work locations during the voluntary service?
Menge: Yes, it is very variable.
it always depends on where one is doing their voluntary service year.
one can do it from at the old people's home right up to in youth work - in all possible facets of social work.
in my case, it was very varied.
I was also sometimes at the open full-day schools, that is, for the afternoon care.
for me that was exactly the right thing, the thing that got me fired up.
I was able to recognise and see my own strengths, as it was really happening.
differently from when doing the civil engineering studies?
Menge: Yeah, sure; here it's not about working out statistics.
one always has other people at the front of their minds, people who all have totally different histories behind them.
whether it's a refugee or an adolescent who has been pulled out of their family - you always have to approach it individually.
very interesting.
and they didn't have any fear of contact?
Menge: I'm not the kind of guy for that.
it is an area that gives one a lot.
a lot of love, a lot of friendliness.
there are negative moments too sometimes, but that's just life.
Pearson cuts another 3,000 jobs, slashes dividend to revive business
British education group Pearson said on Friday it would cut another 3,000 jobs and slash its interim dividend by 72 per cent as it started another restructuring programme to tackle the pressures facing its business.
the job cuts, which Chief Executive John Fallon said will mostly come late in 2018 and in early 2019, are in addition to 4,000 roles lost in its previous restructuring.
Pearson announced a plan to cut costs by another 300 million pounds ($394-million U.S.) in May in a third cost-cutting programme to try to revive a business hit by the rapid move to digital learning.
the company, which agreed to sell its stake in Penguin Random House to partner Bertelsmann last month, said its outlook for the year was unchanged after it reported a 1 per cent rise in underlying sales in the first half to 2.05 billion pounds.
Kabul convoy attack: Nato soldier killed in suicide blast
a suicide bomber has attacked a military convoy in the Afghan capital, Kabul, killing a Nato soldier and wounding several others, officials say.
five soldiers and an interpreter were injured, a Nato statement said.
unconfirmed local reports say three civilians also died in the incident in the city's Qarabagh district.
the bombing is the latest violence to have hit Afghanistan this month - on Tuesday more than 30 people were killed in a mosque blast in Herat.
on Monday a suicide bomber killed two people near the Iraqi embassy in Kabul.
a Nato statement said that Thursday evening's blast happened when a joint patrol with the Afghan army was attacked by a "personnel-borne improvised explosive device."
the statement said that all those injured are in a stable condition and are being treated at the US military hospital at Bagram airfield.
correspondents say the growing strength of the Taliban and the group known as so-called Islamic State (is) in Qarabagh is a major source of concern to Nato forces based in nearby Bagram.
according to the United Nations, Afghanistan saw at least 1,662 civilian deaths in the first half of 2017, with about 20% of those in the capital.
at the end of July, a suicide car bomb killed at least 30 people in a mainly Shia district of Kabul.
the Taliban said they had carried out that attack.
on 31 May, a huge bombing in the centre of the city killed more than 150 people, the deadliest militant attack in the country since US-led forces ousted the Taliban from power in 2001.
the violence underlines the precarious security situation in Afghanistan as US President Donald Trump weighs up whether to increase the number of US troops aiding the military and police in the country.
correspondents say the suicide bombings in Kabul in recent weeks have also created a crisis of public confidence in the government, its policies and in particular the reputation of President Ashraf Ghani.
EPA reverses decision to delay smog rule after lawsuits
the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency reversed a decision to delay an Obama-era rule requiring states to curb smog-causing emissions, one day after 15 states sued the agency over the move.
the EPA announced the decision to go ahead with the so-called "2015 Ozone Designations" late on Wednesday, saying it showed the agency's commitment to working with states.
"We believe in dialogue with, and being responsive to, our state partners," EPA Chief Scott Pruitt said in a statement.
Pruitt in June had announced the EPA's intention to delay the ozone designations - in which existing smog pollution is measured in parts of the country to determine where cuts must be made to meet tougher air quality standard - by one year to October 2018.
a group of 15 mostly Democratic states, along with the District of Columbia, filed a suit on Tuesday saying the effort was illegal.
the administration of President Donald Trump has been seeking to roll back a wide array of environmental regulations imposed by former President Barack Obama, as part of a broader agenda Trump says is aimed at sparking economic growth.
but the efforts have triggered pushback by Democratics and conservation groups who are concerned about the impact of greater emissions on public health.
the EPA's website says breathing air containing ozone "can reduce lung function and increase respiratory symptoms" like asthma.
municipal council wants common room
in the end, the decision was clear: with two dissenting votes, the municipal council of Fluorn-Winzeln passed a resolution for a common room in the future retirement home.
ahead of the debate, there is an important piece of information to be had: the purchase contract for the as yet still needed plot section has been signed, reports mayor Bernhard Tjaden.
admittedly it will still be a while until the plot, which up until now has belonged to the church parish, comes into the possession of the municipality, but nevertheless, there are now no longer any planning obstacles for the project that has to be materialised by a private investor.
that is why there is a debate concerning a common room.
one of the two investors that are still on board has offered to accommodate the municipality.
for a special price, it would provide a living space - of around 55 square metres - and an adjacent terrace with no less than 70 square metres on the ground floor.
what the management and the majority of the municipal council have in mind is not simply to set aside such a common room as a meeting place only for the residents of the senior citizens' accommodation, but for it to be open to the community.
talk of a "knitting café" was making the rounds, for example.
the decision, which was already pre-determined last Autumn through the allocation of resources for the current budget, is sweetened by funding opportunities.
the building is in an area for redevelopment.
the construction of a common room would be eligible for financial support, reports Tjaden, with 60 per cent of 30 per cent.
so as to signal to the investor that no-one wants to put a spoke in their wheel, the proposed resolution makes allowances for the determination that both a saddled roof - based on the surrounding buildings - and a mono-pitch roof - which reduces the height of the eaves and makes the building more economical - would be possible.
an uneccessary addition, thinks not only Wilfried Sohmer.
if it helps: it passes through the committee unanimously.
it's not so easy with the common room.
Daniela RUF points to their many owned buildings that are not really being forged ahead, but instead they are going out of their way with the common room: "I have difficulty with that," she says.
Yvonne Staiger declares herself to be unequivocally in favour of the common room - but absolutely against an investment from the municipality.
she views that as a hidden subsidy to already wealthy, or even foreign, investors.
that is simply not true according to the counterargument, for by purchasing the plot they are not giving away any grants, but are rather getting a genuine, when in doubt saleable, equivalent in value.
Staiger's proposal, to split up the proposed resolution accordingly, has three supporters.
so, with two dissenting votes, they are sticking with the original programme, which Stefan Haller summed up as follows: "If we pass the resolution as so, we make a huge step towards plugging a huge gap in our infrastructure."
collision with a car: cyclist hurled onto the road
the 82-year-old cyclist was hit by a car whilst crossing the road in Garath on Wednesday and was seriously injured.
according to police reports, the 82-year-old from Langenfeld was travelling on his bicycle on the Schwarzer Weg cycle lane at around 12.20pm, coming from the direction of Hilden.
the senior citizen wanted to cross the lane of traffic up where the street Am Buchholzer Busch is.
a woman driving a car in the same direction gave way to him.
however, as the man from Langenfeld cycled onto the road, he evidently did not pay attention to the oncoming traffic.
he collided with a car being driven by a 66-year-old woman from Hilden.
the man was hurled onto the road.
he suffered serious injuries and was brought to hospital in an ambulance.
FC Bayern Munich have to do without David Alaba and Thiago for the Super Cup against Borussia Dortmund
the Super Cup is happening without him: David Alaba has to skip the game against Dortmund.
with squad concerns, FC Bayern are travelling to Dortmund for the first competitive match of the new season.
the title-defender is missing seven of its pros in the Super Cup against the cup winners.
the squad concerns are getting even bigger for the German football record champions Bayern Munich ahead of the Super Cup on Saturday (8.30pm/ZDF and Eurosport) at cup winners Borussia Dortmund.
coach Carlo Ancelotti has to also do without David Alaba in the duel with the BVB.
the Italian confirmed that on Friday.
in addition, the Munich team is missing Manuel Neuer, James, Thiago, Jerome Boateng, Arjen Robben and Juan Bernat.
Ancelotti blamed the physical state of his team and the lack of balance in their game for their five defeats in the past six friendlies.
"We know that we are not in the best physical condition," said Ancelotti, adding, "The most important point is the balance in the team.
that has not been good recently."
however, the 58-year-old believes that they can improve their performance in the first official competitive game of the season.
"Football is also tactics, strategy, personality and motivation.
I have great confidence that my team exhibits these qualities.
the team is ready.
we want to play intelligently," said Ancelotti, who is expecting a "difficult, intense game."
the duel between the two German football heavyweights is captivating the fans.
with 81,360 spectators, the game is sold out, shared the German football league (DFL) on Friday.
wandering from star to star in the Harz
the nation's first "astral path" is to come to life in the Harz.
it is being planned by the Sankt Andreasberg Observatory society.
there has been a planetary trail in Göttingen since 2003.
an "astral path" satisfies many Harz visitors' need for information, it is said.
it combines nature, science, exercise and athletic performance.
members want to set up plaques along the planned route and put information about stars and constellations on them.
in a first phase, until 2018, the association is planning "easily accessible installations in five to six locations" in the Upper Harz.
in the running are St. Andreasberg, Braunlage, Hohegeiss and Sieber.
the information on the plaques is to be expanded upon online.
so good mobile network reception plays a part in the selection of locations.
accessibility is also a criterion.
the astral path is later to be extended, step by step.
"Spectators will gain lots of useful knowledge on the astral path, for example about the physics of the individual stars," explained the society.
in addition, they will learn why stars have different colours, or why one star shines more brightly than another, although it is significantly further away.
it will also teach which constellation a selected star is located in, and when the best time to see it is.
the society has been operating the highest observatory in Northern Germany, in the small mountain town of St. Andreasberg, since 2014 already.
the location in the middle of the Harz national park is among the six darkest regions in Germany, according to information from the Federal Agency for Nature Conservation.
one can regularly clearly see the Milky Way, and even the Andromeda Galaxy, from there with naked eyes.
the university town, on the initiative of the Göttingen planetarium friends' association, has had something similar to the astral path since 2013 - the planetary trail.
starting at Gebhards Hotel in Goethealle, which forms the centre of our solar system, the planetary trail leads with its steles up to Hainberg and the observatory - as well as an "extra-terrestrial" location in Diemarden (Municipality of Gleichen) with the planet Sedna.
the steles with the individual planets - including Pluto, which was downgraded to a dwarf planet, at the end point - are set up at exact intervals and on a scale of one to two billion.
the Earth thus shrinks to a ball with a diameter of 6.5 millimetres, while the sun, standing exactly 75 metres away, measures 70 centimetres.
the total distance covered by the planetary trail is a good four kilometres.
while the light of the sun needs around eight hours to reach Pluto, pedestrians need a good hour to get to the stele with Pluto.
so, pedestrians are faster than light in space.
the trek to the nearest fixed star would take another half a year though.
Mikey Garcia and Vasyl Lomachenko meet for the first time, discuss a possible showdown
Vasyl Lomachenko and Mikey Garcia, who should be on a collision course to stage the most compelling boxing match under 147 pounds in the near future, met each other for the first time Thursday.
they were in separate rooms at ESPN offices in Los Angeles until Garcia, the unbeaten World Boxing Council lightweight champion, walked down the hallway to greet Lomachenko, the World Boxing Organization super-featherweight champion.
after Garcia's victory by unanimous decision over former four-division world champion Adrien Broner on Saturday on Showtime, both fighters are members of the top-five pound-for-pound list.
Garcia extended his right hand and said, "How you doing, champ?
best of luck to you."
Lomachenko defends his belt against Miguel Marriaga on Saturday night at 7 on ESPN.
as the pair posed for photos, Lomachenko manager Egis Klimas noted that a potential showdown between the fighters would be "perfect sizing."
"I'm a former featherweight," Garcia reminded.
"I moved up for Broner [at 140 pounds], but I'm not that big.
I'm small for 140.
I want to come down to lightweight.
and he's got to move up to lightweight [135 pounds] and then we have a fight.
that's what the fans are asking for.
let's give them that."
Lomachenko agreed.
"Boxing needs this fight."
Klimas asked if it should be on pay-per-view, part of a strategy he has to have Lomachenko fight a 135-pound debut bout later this year to set up a date next summer with Garcia (37-0, 30 knockouts), who also has interest in fighting the Jorge Linares-Luke Campbell winner following their Sept. 23 lightweight title bout at the Forum.
"This fight could be on pay-per-view because all the fans have been asking about it," Garcia said, later expressing openness to fighting on whatever network offers the best financial package.
"We're the main names.
no other names can generate that kind of attention.
whenever they're ready ... ."
Garcia said he appreciates Lomachenko as "a tremendous fighter," and may attend his Saturday bout.
but Lomachenko paused at lavish praise for Garcia, saying he thought the three-division champion from Riverside looked "very slow, sorry Mikey ... you wanted the knockout."
Garcia said the focus was to show punching strength, then box.
they both said they can feel the momentum building for their own bout.
"This is the fight to be made.
no other fight creates as much attention and buzz.
I'm more than happy to work at it," Garcia said.
said Lomachenko: "I've waited for the top fighters, and this is Mikey.
it will be a great fight."
four injured after burst tyre
in an accident on the A7 on Thursday afternoon, four people were injured, some severely.
according to initial reports, the driver of an Opel Zaifra lost control of his vehicle at around 4.30pm, shortly before the Marktbreit junction, after a burst tyre.
the car slid right into the embankment, where it overturned and then lay on its roof, on the grass verge.
the four passengers - two adults and two children - were, in part, severely injured in the accident.
while first aid was being given to the injured by the emergency services, the A7 was closed for around an hour in the northerly direction, before traffic was able to be led round the site of the accident in the left lane.
Fortunas Hoffmann: "Three at the back works better"
Andre Hoffmann hopes after the 2:2 to kick off the season against Braunschweig that the optimisation of the defence formation will bring points in Aue.
Andre Hoffmann was content with the first game of the season, and with the result too, were it not for the two own goals in the 2:2 against Braunschweig.
"That was two own goals too many, and in Aue, we have to take better care still," says the defender from Fortuna Düsseldorf.
the line of three at the back is to be optimised even further in the Ore mountains.
and the Fortunas don't want to let in any more goals after free kicks either.
"in future, no-one will stand on the line next to Michael (Rensing) any more."
Hoffmann is convinced that his team manages better with the three-at-the-back formation, even after the experiences in the build-up.
"I don't know yet how we will play in Aue," said the coach Friedhelm Funkel, but Hoachmann is sure of himself, "because in Kaan Ayhan and Niko Gießelmann, we particularly have players in the back three in the half positions that can build well," said Hoffmann.
"However, a prerequisite is that we harmonise even better together and don't commit so many passing errors in the build up."
naturally, Hoffmann is also travelling to Aue to win the game.
"whether after one draw though one can talk of a failed start, I don't know.
the performance could by all means be okay," said Hoffmann.
"However, if we're standing there on Sunday with four points and can concentrate on the cup, we'll certainly be able to talk of a decent season kick-off."
his coach didn't want to hear any of that.
"I will first judge our start to the season after six to eight matches," said Friedhelm Funkel, who did not wish to talk of an advantage over Aue just because the Saxony team's game in Heidenhelm had to be cut-off early due to a storm.
"Now they are effectively able to start the season with a home game," said Funkel, and Hoffman believes that the players from Aue could perhaps even be somewhat fresher, since they don't have any difficult and full games like Fortuna against one of the promotion favourites resting in their bones.
"But they don't know 100 per cent where they stand at the moment," says the Fortuna central defender.
admittedly, the guests from the Rhineland go into the encounter on Sunday in the finally (almost) finished Aue stadium as slight favourites.
"That we are going to sweep them away just because we can claim a place amongst the top six is ridiculous," says Funkel, whose balance sheet against Aue, with only one defeat in nine games, is thoroughly positive.
"There is no team in the second Bundesliga that one has to beat from the outset," explains Fortuna's head coach.
"to give such a statement would be arrogant and presumptuous."
and Funkel does not under any circumstances want to see his players like that on Sunday.
new results of Sweden's asylum age assessment tests released
the latest results of tests on asylum seekers in Sweden subjected to a new method of medically assessing their age show that over 80 percent tested were judged to be older than 18, but not everyone has faith in their accuracy.
Sweden's national Forensic Medicine Agency (Rättsmedicinalverket) started carrying out the tests earlier year.
they are designed to make age assessment during the asylum process more accurate after the Swedish Migration Agency (Migrationsverket) was criticized for failings in assessing the correct age of some refugees claiming to be underage.
to date Migrationsverket has sent 6,880 cases to be tested, and the Forensic Medicine Agency has now released the results of a total of 2,481 tests from the period between mid March until July 31st, 2017.
eighty percent (2002) were judged to be 18 or over, while in a further 25 cases the Forensic Medicine Agency judged that the subject was "possibly 18 or over."
in 432 cases the conclusion was that the person is "possibly under 18."
the tests are only carried out in cases where the person's age is in question.
according to Johan Göransson from the Forensic Medicine Agency, the results are consistent with previous months.
"We see no big difference in the statistics from previous months, the numbers are quite consistent," he told The local.
the high proportion of cases judged to be over 18 does not necessarily mean that the asylum seeker lied about their age.
in May, the agency released the results of 581 tests and said that there were 442 instances that "suggest the person examined is 18 years or older."
when newspaper Svenska Dagbladet investigated the 581 results released however it found that in 243 of the cases the person had openly stated that they turn 18 this year.
the method of medical age assessment, which consists of taking X-rays of wisdom teeth and MRI scans of knee joints, then having dentists and radiologists analyse them, has also been criticised in some quarters.
one sceptic is Karolinska Institute endocrinologist Claude Marcus, whose work includes assessing the biological maturity of people to see if they went through puberty earlier or later than usual.
"I've had reason to think about this, and I don't think the type of measurement being used should be.
judging biological age in this way is very uncertain.
if we can't say it for sure we shouldn't pretend that we can," he told newspaper metro.
the Forensic Medicine Agency's Göransson defended the accuracy of the tests however: "In general you can say that the risk of inaccurately judging a child to be an adult is small.
the biggest risk is if the person is just under 18, in which case it's around 10 percent."
right on target
the works on the three bridges of the L 108 road, between Lauterbach and Schramberg, are progressing well.
on Wednesday, a seven-tonne piece of concrete was installed at the bridge at the East entrance to the town of Lauterbach.
"We're doing very well for time - it's going great," says Reinhold Leicht, site manager at the department of road engineering and transport in the Freiburg local government.
in April, works began on all three bridges in need of refurbishment between Schramberg and Lauterbach at the same time.
the works are scheduled to be completed in October, and Leicht is certain that the timetable will be stuck to.
the first bridge, coming from Schramberg, leads over the Trombach.
it is a vaulted arch bridge made of concrete that is covered in red variegated sandstone and has a total length of 4.80 metres.
it was built in 1900.
like the other two bridges, it is old by now.
in order to ensure their stability and road safety, the three structures now have to be thoroughly renovated.
the two other bridges lead over the Lauterbach.
they are made of variegated sandstone.
both were erected in 1939 and they are twelve and 10.60 metres high, respectively.
the bridge at the East entrance to the town of Lauterbach has now - as of Wednesday morning - been given a 1.30-metre-wide and seven-tonne-heavy so-called bridge parapet on its north side.
this fixes the boundary and is also used as a passenger path.
a 2.20-metre-wide bridge parapet is to be put in place on the south part of the bridge on Friday.
the pedestrian walkway is intended to then to run over that.
what is special about this is that is uses finished parts, a patent of the Schramberg company Dizwo.
the other two bridges are already kitted out with the patented bridge parapets.
laying cables through the structure in Lauterbach required particular flair.
for a fibreglass cable also runs there, which many companies are connected to.
in the run-up to the works, residents were informed about the project via a leaflet.
fish and crabs must also be fished out first.
for the bridges between the construction yard building and the lake reservoir in the direction of Schramberg, traffic is single-lane and regulated by lights.
for the construction works on the bridge at the East entrance to the town of Lauterbach, the road in the area of the bridge, where the "Tannenhof" and "Sieben Linden" hotels are, is fully closed.
altogether, the costs for the three bridge renovations total 700 000 euros.
the entire project is being funded by the state.
AfD in Gerolstein: colourful protest with German potato salad
it doesn't happen that often that parties pull together, but when it concerns the Alternative for Germany (AfD), people come together who would otherwise be difficult to reconcile.
the parties who represent in the Vulkan Eifel district council (CDU, SPD, the Greens, FDP, FWG, die Linke) belong to a broad alliance that is peacefully nailing its colours to the mast on this day because the AfD are holding a "big kick-off to the election campaign" in Gerolstein Town Hall plaza.
and are launching famous names - like Alice Weidel, who together with Alexander Gauland makes up the leading duo for the Bundestag elections on 24th September, and the federal deputy chairwoman, Beatrix von Storch.
but those who have been on site for hours already before the start of the event don't want to listen to the AfD, but rather, demonstrate.
the motto: "Eifel is staying colourful."
originally the town picnic was planned for Brunnenplatz square under the motto "everyone at one table," but now is taking place in the carpark beneath the shopping plaza - and therefore directly in sight of those coming to the AfD event in the Town Hall.
a colourful picture on show there.
and what really delighted Christa Karoli, chairperson of the Eine Welt (one World) Forum and one of the leading organisers: "It's great how many people have come together here."
there's music and all sorts of food, including a "typical German potato salad" that even the AfD would have no problem eating," said the woman who had brought it.
the police had summoned lots of officials to Gerolstein and were above all also present at the train station, which is only a few metres away from the event locations.
how did the AfD make it to Gerolstein, actually?
Mario Hompe from the Vulkan Eifel AfD reports that he strove hard to get such an event and that he won the contract.
the 45-year-old from Gönndersdorf had originally inquired in Daun, but had got a no there because there were not enough parking places available due to the St. Lawrence funfair already being set up.
so now, the shopping plaza; Hompes is delighted that "we are able to hold such a wonderful event here."
with a view to the event on the plaza forecourt he says: "It's the people's right. The main this is that it stays peaceful."
and it does: at around 8pm some entertainment is provided, by a band on the plaza forecourt, and in the town hall, by various speakers, including Rhineland-Palatinate AfD chairman Uwe Junge.
in the hall there are about 200 in attendance, waiting for the leading candidate for the Bundestag elections, Alice Weidel, and the federal deputy chairwoman, Beatrix von Storch, to give their speeches.
the police presence is unchanged, but until now the officials have had a quiet evening.
the AfD event lasts a little more than an hour; the guests in the forecourt have a long wind, but even there it is time to clear up shortly after 9pm.
the police can go away - no specific incidents.
Trombone meets trumpet
there is another chance to hear Wolfach trombonist Frederic belli in the series of Haslach cloister concerts tomorrow, Sunday, at 8pm in the monastery church.
together with the Bulgarian trumpeter Miroslav Petkov, he is giving a concert that carries the slogan "The Black Sea meets the Black Forest," or even, "Balkan folklore" meets a classic German education with roots in brass music.
both soloists are winners and awardees of numerous international competitions and hold soloist positions in leading European orchestras.
so, Petkov is solo trumpeter with the renowned Concertgebouw Orchestra in Amsterdam, and Frederic belli is solo trombonist with the SWR Symphony Orchestra.
both have in common a passion not only for transcending the boundaries of their instruments but also for conflating the boundaries of the various genres.
so, Johann Sebastian Bach played by the two of them takes on a whole new sound, Daniel Schnyder's "Weltmusik" unites with Bulgarian folklore, and in the piece "exchange Suits" from JazzEcho Prize-winner Nils Wogram, they blend classical, jazz and free play into a fascinating complete art work.
this centrepiece of the programme had its debut performance in Freiburg this spring, to great success.
the renowned composer Nils Wogram wrote it especially for the two musicians and there's more: the Haslach monastery church, with its special acoustic, was consciously incorporated into the concert.
Kristen Stewart talks about her bisexuality
"some people love grilled cheese and will eat it for the rest of their lives.
but I want to try everything." This is what Kristen Stewart said in total frankness on the topic of her bisexuality.
"If I bite into grilled cheese once, I think, 'Oh, that was cool, what's next?'."
the Hollywood star's most famous relationship was probably that with her "Twilight" co-star Robert Pattinson, which came apart bitterly in the end.
despite all that, the brunette actress assures "Harper's Bazaar" magazine: "I've been deeply in love with everyone I've dated.
or did you think I was faking it?"
after their split, Kristen came out as bisexual: "I've always really lived for that duality and seriously believed in it.
it has never confused me or held me back.
I just never liked being made fun of."
she suffered from this especially in her school days, according to "bang Showbiz," when she preferred to dress like a boy: "Not all girls are typical girls.
that really, really hurt me.
when I was eleven, kids told me I looked like a boy.
I felt really attacked, frightened and ashamed.
now I look back and think: 'Girl, be proud of yourself!'."
she particularly doesn't like explaining her love life to the public: "People expect you to behave in a certain way, and that makes me angry.
and maybe some people call me ungrateful, but I don't like having to justify myself to the entire public."
West Virginia governor announces he's switching parties
the Democratic governor of West Virginia, Jim Justice, announced Thursday night at a rally with President Trump that he's switching parties.
"like it or not like it, the Democrats walked away from me," Gov. Justice said.
"Today I will tell you with lots of prayers and lots of thinking ... today I will tell you as West Virginians, I can't help you anymore being a Democratic governor."
the rally erupted in cheers.
"so tomorrow, I will be changing my registration to Republican," Justice added.
"as a coach, I would tell you it's time to run another play."
Mr. Trump promised earlier a big announcement at the West Virginia rally.
Mr. Trump won West Virginia by 42 points, and Justice did not endorse the Democratic nominee, Hillary Clinton.
justice, who is the only billionaire in the state, according to Forbes, was elected in 2016.
Forbes notes that he owns coal mines in five states, having inherited a coal business from his father.
he's worth about $1.59 billion.
meanwhile, the Republican National Committee released a statement Thursday night saying "Governor Justice's party switch is another blow to a Democratic Party that would rather obstruct than work to make our country great again."
"with only 15 governorships and control of the fewest state legislatures in history, Governor Justice's announcement is just the latest rejection of a party that is leaderless from top to bottom and unable to find a positive, unifying message," RNC chairwoman Ronna McDaniel said in a statement to CBS News.
CoE praises 'candid' Russian apology for doping scandal
global athletics boss Sebastian CoE praised what he described as a candid apology from Russia over a doping scandal on Thursday but reiterated it was not the moment for the country to be readmitted to the sport.
Russia's athletics boss Dmitry Shylakhtin told an IAAF Congress, held on the eve of the World Athletics Championships, that his country's ban from the sport was correct and that he was determined to fight doping.
he said he was sorry to "all athletes who have had gold and silver medals snatched from them at competitions."
despite his comments, the IAAF Congress voted in favor of maintaining the ban, imposed in November 2015 after a World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) report found evidence of state-sponsored doping in Russia.
"I thought it was a very candid response today, a very candid presentation," IAAF president CoE told reporters.
"the whole Council and the whole Congress was pleased ... that the Russian federation recognized themselves that they have been through some pretty torrid times and are doing everything possible to make sure the federation is reengineered."
CoE said he was also "pleased" that Russia accepted the criteria for its reintroduction.
"I think it was a very constructive day and I think progress is being made, but the Congress supports the recommendations of the task force that this was not the moment to reinstate Russia," said CoE.
"We need to do everything over the next few months to normalize this situation.
the guiding principle has always been that we wanted to separate the clean athletes from the tainted system," he added
Nineteen Russian athletes will be competing as neutrals at the World Athletics Championships which start in London on Friday, having met strict IAAF criteria.
the head of the IAAF's Task Force, Rune Andersen, said on Monday that Russia had yet to meet several of the criteria for reinstatement.
drug-testing was still insufficient and banned coaches were still operating freely, he told reporters in London after a presentation to the IAAF Council.
act of mourning for soldiers who crashed in Mali
at a memorial service in the north Hessen town of Fritzlar, around 1000 people commemorated both soldiers who lost their lives in a helicopter crash in Mali.
the ceremony took place in the cathedral city on Thursday under strict security precautions.
German Defence Minister Ursula von der Leyen (CDU) remained silent on the as-yet-unexplained cause of the crash.
however, she described the two pilots who were killed as "Experts in their field."
"We bow before this greatest of sacrifices that they have made in the name of the Federal Republic of Germany," she explained.
the 33-year-old Major and the 47-year-old Stabshauptmann from north Hessen lost their lives a week ago, on Wednesday, in the West African country of Mali.
their coffins were transported back to Germany and on Thursday were brought to Saint Peter's cathedral in Fritzlar, accompanied by a wake from the German army.
at midday, the relatives first said their goodbyes in the church.
then, amidst family and closest friends, the memorial service was begun by representatives of the German Army and the political world.
among these were Hesse Prime Minister Volker Bouffier (CDU) and Inspector General of the German Army, Volker Wieker.
memorial guests laid down roses, and the relatives stood arm in arm by the coffins.
the people of Fritzlar and numerous soldier followed the ceremony in front of the church on a big screen.
defence minister von der Leyen described the killed soldiers as "highly decorated" and experienced in missions.
the Stabshauptmann is said to have helped set up flight operations of the combat helicopter Tiger in Fritzlar and was one of the first six qualified Tiger pilots in his regiment.
Volker Bauersachs too, commander of the regiment to which the soldiers belonged, said: "If this crew were not able to prevent the crash, then no-one could have."
Minister von der Leyen did not express any doubts about the UN mission in Mali: the mission was dangerous.
however, it was also of great importance "for a country from which we are separated by only two nations," she said.
after the memorial service, the coffins were brought out of the cathedral.
the Germany Army did not wish to give any indications about when or where they are to be buried.
Prince Henrik does not want a grave next to his wife
the husband of the Danish Queen Margrethe (77), Prinz Henrik (83), does not want to be buried next to his wife after his death.
the royal family shared that on Thursday.
Traditionally, the Danish royal couple are interred in Roskilde Cathedral.
the sculptor Bildhauer Bjørn Nørgaard is already crafting a sarcophagus for the two of them.
the queen is content with her husband's decision, the announcement continued.
where Prince Henrik will be buried is still unclear.
however, he does not intend to be interred in his French homeland.
Prinz Henrik had never made a secret of the fact that he was not happy with his title.
after his wife Margrethe's accession to the throne in 1972, he would have liked to have become king.
in 2016, he went into retirement and at the same time also laid aside his title of "Prince Consort."
since Henrik did not get the title and function that he wanted in Denmark, he does not see himself as equal to his wife - not after death either, explains Lene Balleby, chief spokeswoman for the Danish royal family.
where the last place of rest will be in the end for the 83-year-old is still unclear.
however, he does not intend to be interred in his French homeland, but rather in Denmark.
he likes the country for which he has worked for the last 50 years.
born Henri de Laborde de Monpezat, the son of a noble French family, he had got to know Margrethe in 1965 in London.
he worked on the Thames in the French Embassy.
whereas the people's expressions of sympathy always flew to his then to be wife, Prinz Henrik had a hard time with the Danes during his almost 50-year reign.
in an autobiography, Henrik commented on his first years in Denmark: "A few months after my arrival, everything that I did was criticised.
my Danish was faltering, I preferred wine to beer, silk socks to wool socks, Citroën to Volvo, tennis to football.
even for the Gauloises, which I smoked in place of Virginia tobacco, and which had the reputation here for being the brand of intellectuals who were critical of society, I could not hope for any leniency.
I was different.
it seemed I was happy with this position and not ashamed of it.
those were two errors!"
Prime Minister Weil wants a snap new election
CDU and FDP face possible majority in Lower Saxony
lower Saxony's prime minister Stephan Weil (SPD) wants the State Parliament to have a snap new election after the loss of the red-green governing majority - but he doesn't want to step down.
Weil declared himself on Friday to be in favour of a dissolution of the Parliament.
previously, the unexpected resignation of a Green party representative from her state parliamentary fraction in Lower Saxony had plunged Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) 's government into a stark crisis.
five months before the official date of the state elections, the red-green coalition lost in Hanover, and with that, their scant one-vote majority in Parliament over the opposition of CDU and FDP.
Elke Twesten, up until that point a Green Party representative, justified her move with the fact that she had not been nominated for the 2018 election in her constituency in Rotenburg (Wümme).
"I see my political future in the CDU," she stated on Friday in Hanover.
CDU parliamentary group leader Björn Thümler wants to advise his party to take her in.
then the CDU and the FDP would together have 69 seats in the Lower Saxony State Parliament, and the Greens, 68 seats.
up until now, that ratio was the other way around.
the new State Parliament will be elected as normal on the 14th January next year.
Thümler says that the red-green State Government now has to decide whether it can continue to govern in these circumstances without a majority.
however, Stephan Weil considers it imperative that the State Parliament vote to dissolve itself as swiftly as possible.
the CDU parliamentary group is expected to decide on Tuesday about how they will proceed.
the state constitution also allows for the possibility that the State Parliament declares no confidence in the Prime Minister and elects a successor.
"Our constitution offers various options.
the possibilities have to be examined in a proper legal way," said Thümler.
"all aspects will be debated in good time, if they are examined in a sound legal way."
Thümler called Twesten's move "somewhat curious though."
the politician herself stressed: "I am not a traitor.
I feel very good."
she described herself as a supporter of Black-Green.
the Greens called on the defecting representative to give up her seat in Parliament.
"We naturally assume that she will give up her seat in Parliament, which she won on a Green party ticket, with immediate effect," communicated state chairpersons Meta Janssen-Kucz and Stefan Körner.
the Green Party chairwoman Anja Piel said: "We exceedingly regret Elke Twesten's decision."
she consciously decided not to give any statement in the parliamentary group.
"especially given the background, that there were no essential differences - we can't understand this move."
SPD candidate for Chancellor Martin Schulz denounced the crossing over of Lower Saxony Green representative Elke Twesten to the CDU as betrayal.
"the behaviour of the former Green representative in Lower Saxony is not only a betrayal of voters, but also a betrayal to red-green," wrote the Social Democratic federal leader on Friday on Facebook.
he supports Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) 's decision to let the State Parliament have new elections soon.
Twesten's resignation costs Red-Green the majority in Lower Saxony.
the politician "in her wounded vanity and in her frustration" put "her personal interests above the wellbeing of the state," critisised SPD General Secretary Hubertus Heil.
"It is a scandal that the CDU in Lower Saxony plays along in this dirty scheming and attempts to score political points from it."
lower Saxony CDU parliamentary group leader Björn Thümler wants to advise his representatives to take Elke Twesten into the CDU.
the parliamentary group leader of the SPD in the Bundestag, Thomas Opperman, accused Twesten of distorting the result of the State election in 2013 with her personal career notions.
the CDU was then the strongest power ahead of the SPD, but SPD and Greens had a wafer-thin majority of one vote in the State Parliament.
Minister of Agriculture in interview - How do we protect ourselves against poisoned eggs, Mr Schmidt?
Germany is discussing contaminated eggs.
how was it possible for the scandal to happen?
how can consumers protect themselves?
Minister of Food and Agriculture Christian Schmidt (CSU) answers our questions in interview with RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
Mr Schmidt, how can consumers protect themselves against poisoned eggs?
I can only encourage all consumers to look very carefully at the eggs in their fridge and check the stamps printed on them.
the federal states are each supplying their most up-to-date information on the affected egg batches on the consumer protection portal www.Lebensmittelwarnung.de.
affected eggs should be destroyed or returned.
even if, according to everything we know at this point in time, a health risk is all but ruled out.
is Aldi now adopting the best possible reaction to the crisis - removing all eggs from their offering - because the Federal Minister of Food and Agriculture is not really playing the central role of providing clear information?
monitoring foodstuffs is a task for the federal states.
despite that, the ministry immediately connected and has been liaising closely with the state authorities ever since it became known that Germany was affected.
all information and the risk assessment are accessible to consumers.
it is up to the trade just as much as it is the manufacturers to ensure that the products sold meet trading requirements and do not present any health risks.
for eggs, if the maximum residue level of 0.005mg/kg is exceeded, then they do not meet trading requirements.
uncontaminated eggs, however, can be sold and consumed.
this time the businesses are not at fault.
are production facilities and consumers in the same boat?
according to what we currently know, the production facilities are not in any way directly to blame.
in fact, due to suspected illegal practices by service companies, they have to deal with commercial claims.
as always in emergencies, there are too few inspectors.
is it just the number of staff that is lacking, or the key competence as well?
it was actually the official controls themselves that exposed what was going on.
however, we must also remember that food fraud and criminal activity can never be 100% eliminated.
it is for precisely this reason that it is so crucially important to have such occurrences thoroughly cleared up and passed over to public prosecutors in cases where crimes could have committed.
I have already made it clear many times that I am expecting a complete resolution from the authorities in charge.
is the alarmism that regularly arises with food scandals really necessary?
consumers have the right to get only safe food that is approved for market.
if a prohibited insecticide is used in the food industry, consumers are quite right to be indignant.
thanks to these adulterated products, manufacturers, retailers and consumers get into a situation that is entirely unnecessary.
fundamentally the following has to be clear: the unlawful use of the insecticide Fipronil in the farming of food-producing animals is not acceptable and must be ended immediately.
work must be done on this consistently and urgently at all levels.
I expect all responsible authorities to clear up the matter swiftly and completely.
how soccer's financial rules impact Neymar's move to Paris
rules aimed at preventing unfettered spending by European soccer clubs will not disrupt Neymar's world-record transfer from Spain's Barcelona to France's Paris-Saint Germain.
any consequences will come further down the line for Paris Saint-Germain from UEFA, the governing body overseeing the European game which has the power to ban teams from the prestigious Champions League tournament.
financial Fair Play rules launched by UEFA in 2011 mean that PSG will eventually have to show that Neymar's transfer was funded without incurring huge losses.
Barcelona has been paid 222 million euros ($262 million) just to buy the Brazilian out of his contract and Neymar will command a salary that will run to tens of millions of dollars a year.
here are some of the financial aspects of Neymar's move to France.
PSG can certainly stump up the cash to sign Neymar and add him to a galaxy of other stars, given the team's funding from the energy-rich ruling family of Qatar.
clubs are allowed to spend heavily on acquiring players but they have to counterbalance that with legitimate sources of income, allowing them to approach break-even on their football-related business.
FFP was conceived by Michel Platini after his election as UEFA president in 2007.
the former France player believed that clubs who ran up huge debts in their pursuit of success were effectively cheating and risking ruin if banks or owners withdrew their support.
in 2011, FFP shifted from focusing on clubs' debts to monitoring their losses instead.
the change meant that the business model Roman Abramovich initially used at Chelsea in 2003 - buy a club with potential, and then spend heavily to improve the squad and build a global brand - become a tougher proposition.
during the current three-year FFP assessment period that runs through 2018, clubs can incur losses of 30 million euros.
and despite Platini being ousted in disgrace from the presidency in 2015, his UEFA successor Aleksander Ceferin is still committed to deterring excessive spending.
"certainly FFP is not dead and we will, for sure, reinforce the rules going forward," Andrea Traverso, who oversees FFP at UEFA, told The Associated Press last week.
although PSG will have paid Neymar's buyout clause in one lump sum, it can spread the amount for accounting purposes over the length of his contract.
Neymar has signed a five-year deal, so the transfer fee could be shown as a 44.4 million-euro cost in the annual accounts for the next five years.
the first wave of FFP sanctions in 2014 saw PSG, along with Abu Dhabi-owned Manchester City, hit with the heaviest sanctions.
PSG was handed a fine of 60 million euros (then $82 million) - that was later reduced to 20 million euros - and ordered to limit its Champions League squads to 21 players for the 2014-15 season instead of the normal 25.
UEFA is on the lookout for clubs who might try to outwit its financial regulators by inflating their income through companies linked to a club's owners.
while a Qatari company could sponsor PSG, if the value of the sponsorship was deemed to exceed standard market rates UEFA would not allow it to count as legitimate income.
that is what happened in 2014 when UEFA ruled that the value of the Qatar Tourism Authority sponsorship of PSG was inflated.
it has been reported that part of Neymar's PSG earnings could come via payments from the 2022 World Cup organizing committee in Qatar.
but PSG and Qatar 2022 have denied that Neymar will become a World Cup ambassador and such a maneuver would be easy for UEFA's regulators to expose.
past sanctions slapped on PSG means that UEFA will be even more watchful of any attempt to circumvent the rules.
UEFA has not been in pre-emptive discussions with PSG about Neymar's transfer, people familiar with the situation said Thursday.
they spoke to The Associated Press on condition of anonymity as they were not authorized to discuss the PSG situation.
the last published accounts show that PSG made a profit of more than 10 million euros in 2015-16 on a turnover of 542.4 million euros.
accounts for the last financial year are yet to be published.
PSG expects Neymar's arrival to be a boon for sponsorship deals, merchandising and jersey sales.
the club expects turnover would grow by at least 30 percent on the back of the signing.
clearly irritated to see one of soccer's biggest players leaving, the Spanish league tried to stymie Neymar's move, claiming that PSG will be breaching FFP.
"It is a clear case of 'financial doping', with the club and the state," La Liga President Javier Tebas told Spanish newspaper AS, referring to Qatar's ultimate ownership of PSG.
arsenal manager Arsene Wenger, whose club is owned by an American sports tycoon, shares La Liga's reservations about a state funding a club.
"It is the consequence of the ownerships and that has completely changed the whole landscape of football in the last 15 years," Wenger said Thursday.
"Once a country owns a club, everything is possible.
it becomes very difficult to respect the Financial Fair Play because you can have different ways or different interests for a country to have such a big player to represent a country."
Swiss is on the look out for a new choccy supplier
in the last few years, Chocolat Frey has made on-board chocolates for Swiss.
now the sweet collaboration faces a possible end: the airline is inviting new calls for tenders.
Swiss spokeswoman Meike Fuhlrott, in response to a query from news agency SDA, confirmed a corresponding report from the newspaper "Nordwestschweiz" on Friday.
according to current plans, the airline will conclude a new contract in the first half year of 2018.
the products would be reviewed and undergo a quality control every two to three years.
"We are very satisfied with the current supplier Chocolat Frey," said the spokeswoman.
every year, around 17 million small 14-gram chocolate bars packaged in red and white are handed out by the flight attendants to passengers before landing.
Swiss did not wish to make any statements on the costs.
according to "Nordwestschweiz," industry insiders estimate the order volumes to be 1.5 to 2 million francs - the Migros subsidiary generates an annual turnover of around a billion francs.
however, more important is always the advertising effect: for a chocolate producer, it is a prestigious contract.
Swiss will not disclose how many bidders there are for the new call for tenders.
however, only Swiss producers are eligible.
according to the newspaper report, Chocolat Frey wants to strive to renew the contract beyond Spring 2018.
the biggest Swiss chocolate producer was not available to the SDA for a statement.
Swiss has been handing out chocolate bars on board their flights since 2006.
before Swiss concluded a contract with the Migros subsidiary, Barry Callebaut had supplied the chocolate bars, in collaboration with Hug.
Swiss introduced the possibility of inserting a logo two and a half years ago, at the start of the collaboration with Chocolat Frey.
the airline collaborates with various Swiss chocolate manufacturers.
on long-haul flights, the first class customers are spoiled with treats from confectioner Sprüngli; in business class, passengers nibble on chocolate from Lindt, and in economy class, chocolate from Chocolat Frey.
on short-haul routes too, Swiss hands out chocolate from chocolate Frey, both in business and in economy class.
track-and-field discus Olympic champion Robert Harting reaches the World Championship finals
the three-time world champion is fighting for a medal in the finals on Saturday.
his brother Christoph, Olympic champion in 2016, had been unsuccessful in the national World Championship qualifier and could only watch the discus contest from the stands.
Polish title defender Piotr Malachowski also qualified for the final showdown with his first attempt, throwing 65.13 metres.
nostalgia Goes niche in "Wet Hot American Summer" and "Comrade Detective"
so this iteration of the story is simultaneously nostalgic for the characters' '80s glory days; for the '90s grunge era (around when the masterminds David Wain and Michael Showalter made the sketch comedy "The State" for MTV); and for itself - that is, for 2001, before its stars, like Elizabeth Banks, Amy Poehler and Paul Rudd, went on to bigger things.
as a cultural artifact, it's both a sendup and embodiment of our Facebook-enabled era of permanent reminiscence.
but as a franchise, it feels like it's running out of time.
"first Day of camp" worked surprisingly well, not just because of its absurdist humor (it included an origin story for a talking can of vegetables, voiced by H. Jon Benjamin).
by doubling down on the core gag - middle-age actors playing horny kids coming of age - it made the impossibility of recapturing the past part of the joke.
"Ten Years later," with its adults now playing adults, is less emotionally rooted and its parody more scattershot, including a riff on '90s Stalker flicks like "The Hand That Rocks the Cradle."
at one point a character rummages through an Apple Powerbook, some in-line skates and "a bunch of other things from 1991."
many of the core stories are the same.
Sweet-hearted Coop (Mr. Showalter), now a novelist, still hasn't gotten over Katie (Marguerite Moreau).
Victor (Ken Marino) still hasn't lost his virginity.
and there's another battily villainous plot involving Ronald Reagan (also Mr. Showalter), now abetted by George H. W. Bush (a well-inhabited impression by Michael Ian Black).
as always, the best part of the franchise is the digressions.
it's especially fun to see the forever-young Mr. Rudd, sporting Matt Dillon's soul patch from "Singles," whose former big-man-on-camp Andy now feels like a geezer.
it's the moments of random lunacy that might power this franchise on, like a kind of recursive "seven Up!" series, until it reaches what I assume will be its logical conclusion: "Wet Hot American summer: Twenty Years later," whose last scene will have the gang going to see the movie premiere of "Wet Hot American summer."
"Comrade Detective" on Amazon, meanwhile, appeals to a different brand of nostalgia: the Cold War revivalism of "The Americans," the film "Atomic Blonde" and even "GLOW," with its East versus West wrestling iconography.
the comedy, created by Brian Gatewood and Alessandro Tanaka, with Rhys Thomas directing, purports to be found TV: a Romanian 1980s buddy-cop drama about two Bucharest officers fighting for truth, atheism and the Marxist-Leninist way.
the lead roles - hard-boiled Gregor and idealistic Iosef - are played by Florin Piersic Jr. and Corneliu Ulici, their dialogue dubbed in English by Channing Tatum (also an executive producer) and Joseph Gordon-Levitt.
it's a brilliant idea.
but it's not much more than an idea.
there are some fine sight gags (the police pass the time watching chess on TV as Americans might football).
and the roster of famous voice-over actors - among them Jenny slate, Nick Offerman, Mahershala Ali and Chloë Sevigny - makes for a decent game of spot-the-voice.
but "Comrade Detective" is so committed to the verisimilitude of a hamfisted propaganda drama - a killer wearing a Reagan mask is involved - that it often plays like one.
at six long episodes, it drags, and the comedy isn't fast or frequent enough.
edited to a tighter length, "Comrade Detective" might deliver better on its agitprop satire, as when Gregor and Iosef repeatedly visit the American Embassy, whose lobby is always occupied by two fat men wolfing down a pile of hamburgers.
the message, for the imagined communist audience, is that Western culture can turn anything into fodder to binge.
the fictional Romanian creators were not wrong: We even do it with our own recent history, and theirs.
blow dealt to drug mafia in the country
the police have delivered a successful blow against the Italian Mafia in Baden Württemberg.
on Wednesday morning, in the Black Forest-Baar district, numerous properties were searched in Rottweil, Konstanz, Esslingen and Stuttgart, said the Konstanz public prosecutor's office on Friday.
in the course of this, 15 accused, aged between 25 and 77, were detained and already had arrest warrants issued against them.
in addition, officials seized large quantities of marijuana and cocaine, firearms and several hundred thousand euros.
at simultaneous raids in Italy, two people were detained.
German arrest warrants were issued against the two suspected Italians.
both of them were therefore presumably extradited to Germany.
Italian and Bavarian investigators were involved in the operation.
in total, over 300 policemen were deployed.
the mafia members were charged with organised drug-related crime, serious acts of violence, attempted murder, and robbery and extortion.
Konstanz public prosecutor's office has been investigating the drug trade in southern Germany since the summer of 2016 already.
there was an active exchange between the public prosecutor's offices in Konstanz and Palermo, and the investigators from Rottweil CID had almost daily contact with their colleagues in Sicily.
the major operation on Wednesday morning was thus attended by four officials from Palermo.
the investigations then turned their sights above all to Italian nationals with close ties to the Italian mafia.
an incident on 27th May in Hüfingen, during which several shots were fired into a restaurant in the early morning, is also likely to have been caused by the gang.
Weise complains of big holes in the Register of Foreign Nationals
"data for citizens that ought not to be showing up there": according to a report, the Register of Foreigner Nationals in Germany is exhibiting significant defects.
this is leading to some grave mistakes in decisions within asylum procedures.
Frank-Jürgen Weise, the official appointee of the German Government for the management of refugees, has brought attention to big holes in the Central Register of Foreign nationals, according to one media report.
defects in the data registered there could lead to "some grave mistakes in decisions" when it comes to asylum procedures and deportations, warned Weise in an analysis received by the Süddeutsche Zeitung.
according to that information, ten million people with foreign nationality are recorded in the register, among whom around 5.7 million from non-EU states.
the data are managed by around 600 Foreigners' Registration Offices in Germany.
because the data have not been sufficiently maintained, it said, the quality of the data has in part not been good to date.
in some cases, data from 1921 was found, "from people who have long been dead, or from citizens who became German nationals and actually should no longer be showing up in the register."
"Erroneous data entries can significantly slow down return processes," the report continues.
moreover, within the statistics on those people who are obliged to leave the country are recorded EU citizens, who do not at all have to leave.
such false categorisations, however, led to "a biased debate about how to deal with those who are obliged to leave the country," it says accordingly in the analysis.
meanwhile, the German Government has apparently begun to send back to Italy refugee families with children under 16 years of age, if this is where they entered the country from.
this is emerging from an internal paper from the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees (BAMF), reports the "Neue Osnabrücker Zeitung."
in the paper, it says that the BAMF has been once more transacting such procedures "that concern families with children - with the exception of infants and very small children - to Italy since 1st June 2017."
since the end of 2014, that had practically no longer been possible, says the newspaper, pointing to the difficult situation on the ground.
according to the Dublin Regulation, it is the EU state the refugee first reaches that is responsible for them.
if a migrant travels further into another EU country, this state can send him back to the country he entered from.
as a means of justification, the office writes: "By now, the intake capacity for families with children who are minors has significantly increased in Italy."
Italy has provided guarantees for the intake and accommodation of families.
the European Court of Human Rights (ECHR) itself considers these pledges to be sufficient.
other EU states too would send back refugees there using the scope of the Dublin Agreement.
the Linke party's spokeswoman for domestic poicy, Ulla Elpke, criticised this decision: "due to shortcomings in the Italian asylum system, families with children are threatened with conditions of admission that contravene human rights and with risk to the child's welfare"
second-best result achieved
altogether, the blood donor service made 220 litres of blood from people living in Oberreichenbach available for others.
at least, from the twelve citizens who were honoured on Friday.
ahead of everyone is Jürgen Greule, who has by now shared 50 litres of blood with his 100 donations.
the community traditionally acknowledges the repeated willingness to give blood in the meeting of its municipal council.
"It is ingenious how our bodies are designed for this and we show respect to the donors who make their blood available for strangers, and so selflessly," stressed mayor Karlheinz Kistner.
"one single blood donation helps multiple people," explained the district head of the on-call service of the German Red Cross (DRK), Holger Maisenbacher, for the reserves are broken down into their components.
so, as many as three people could benefit from a single blood donation.
at the same time, Maisenbacher reported on the campaigns that are to be carried out in Oberreichenbach in the spring.
"This year, we achieved our second best result ever, with 114 donors," said the DRK on-call district head.
obviously the move into the theatre venue a few years ago led to a higher number of participants.
already before then, Thomas Bockstadt, Susanne Reichle, Sandra Schöck, Thomas Reichle and Meta Umbeer were numbered amongst the repeat donors and honoured for having made 50 donations each.
half as many were clocked up by Herbert Mair and Dorothee Reixinger, while Tamara Pfrommer, Petra Schleeh, Stefanie Stoll and Uwe Vetter each gave 500 millilitres of their lifeblood.
Bank of England to keep interest rates at 0.25%
the Bank of England is expected to announce later that interest rates will remain unchanged after lacklustre economic growth and easing inflation dampened speculation over a hike.
the Bank of England has warned economic growth will remain "sluggish" as it kept interest rates on hold amid a tightening squeeze on family incomes.
policymakers on the Bank's Monetary Policy Committee (MPC) voted 6-2 to keep rates at 0.25%, with fewer members this month calling for a rise as lacklustre economic growth has weakened support for a hike.
in its quarterly inflation report, the Bank cut its forecasts for growth to 1.7% in 2017 and 1.6% in 2018 and cautioned the squeeze on household incomes would continue, with inflation still expected to surge close to 3% in the autumn.
but it signalled rate hikes will be needed over the next few years to rein in Brexit-fuelled inflation and said borrowing costs may need to rise by more than expected in financial markets.
members also voted to withdraw part of the mammoth economy-boosting package unleashed a year ago in the aftermath of Brexit.
it will call time on the Term Funding Scheme to offer cheap-finance to banks from next February, although it said it was now expected to offer £15 billion more under the scheme - at £115 billion.
in minutes of the rates decision, the Bank said: "In the MPC's central forecast, gross domestic product (GDP) remains sluggish in the near-term as the squeeze on households' real incomes continues to weigh on consumption."
on rates, it reiterated that "some tightening of monetary policy" would be needed to cool inflation and by a "somewhat greater" extent than markets expect.
markets are currently forecasting the first rise in the third quarter of next year and another in 2020.
but the Bank stressed that any hikes would be "gradual" and "limited."
the Bank's downgraded growth forecasts for this year and next compare with the 1.9% and 1.7% predicted in May.
it maintained its forecast for growth of 1.8% in 2018.
sterling fell against the dollar and the euro following the news.
the pound was 0.5% down at 1.31 US dollars and fell 0.4% to 1.11 euros.
the no-change decision comes after recent disappointing growth figures have dampened mounting expectations of a hike, with GDP edging up to 0.3% in the second quarter from 0.2% in the previous three months.
growth is likely to remain at 0.3% in the third quarter, although it will start to pick up slightly at the end of the year, according to the Bank.
its latest inflation report offered little cheer for households being hit by soaring inflation and paltry pay rises as it said the squeeze will get worse before it gets better.
it added that monetary policy "cannot prevent" the hit to incomes over the next few years, but expects wages will recover "significantly" towards the end of its three-year forecast.
the economy is also set for a boost from surging demand for British goods thanks to the weak pound, which will offset some of the lower consumer spending.
the decision comes a year after rates were cut to 0.25% last August following the shock EU referendum vote, which sent the pound slumping.
the Bank estimates it will likely take four years to fully feed through to prices and the economy.
prior to the Bank's latest rates verdict, there had been growing clamour for a rate rise as inflation ramped up pressure on hard-pressed households, with three policymakers calling for an increase to 0.5% in July.
inflation eased back to 2.6% last month from 2.9% in June, although the Bank said this was expected and will pick up once again over the coming months.
the Bank said the overshoot relative to its 2% target was "entirely" down to the weak pound.
Andrew Montlake, director at Coreco Mortgage brokers, said: "Given the recent fall in swap rates, the mortgage market looks set to become ever more competitive once more as lenders clamour for business and look to end the year in positive fashion.
the market looks particularly good for those who may be coming to the end of their existing deals as re-mortgages, many with fee-free options as well as low rates, become ever more popular."
NHS to prescribe controversial HIV drug to 10,000
patients will be able to access a 'transformative' HIV prevention treatment from September following a High Court battle over funding the drug on the NHS.
NHS England announced that pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP), a pill taken before sex which has been shown to reduce the risk of infection in high-risk individuals by around 86 per cent, will now be provided by the health service through an initial three-year trial to an estimated 10,000 people.
it agreed to fund the trial after the Court of Appeal upheld a High Court ruling last year, which said the NHS had the power to pay for PrEP despite its claims that local authorities should fund it.
the move announced on Thursday was hailed as a 'major new intervention' by NHS England chief executive Simon Stevens while the National Aids Trust (NAT) described it as a 'pivotal moment'.
sexual health clinics in London, Brighton, Manchester, Liverpool and Sheffield will be among the first to start enrolling people, with more clinics joining in October before full implementation across England by April 2018.
pre-exposure prophylaxis (PrEP) is a course of HIV drugs taken before sex to reduce the risk of getting HIV.
trials have shown PrEP significantly reduces HIV transmission among those at-risk of infection.
taking PrEP before sex means there is just enough of certain drugs in a person's body to prevent an HIV infection taking hold.
such drugs can be taken every day or as soon as two hours before having sex.
those eligible for the treatment include gay or bisexual men, transgender people and those with HIV-positive partners who are not successfully receiving treatment.
clinics will identify eligible participants who consent to the trial, including men, women, transgender people, and individuals who have a partner whose HIV status is not known to be controlled by anti-retroviral treatment.
people living and registered with a GP in England will also be able to enrol for potential participation at their local participating sexual health clinic.
the programme will cost £10 million and NHS England signed a contract to source the drugs this week following an international competitive procurement.
the trial is designed to assess the full potential of PrEP by gathering clinical evidence on how it is targeted, taken up, and implemented on a large scale.
Mr Stevens said: 'This major new intervention should complement and supercharge the wide-ranging and increasingly successful effort to prevent HIV.
it's another milestone in more than three decades' worth of progress in tackling one of humanity's major health challenges.'
Deborah Gold, chief executive at NAT (National Aids Trust), said: 'This is a pivotal moment in the fight against HIV.
PrEP, if targeted properly at those in need and at risk, offers the possibility of transforming the English HIV epidemic.
from September, people at high risk of HIV will have access via this NHS-funded trial in England to an empowering new tool that is truly individually controlled and not subject to negotiation with a partner, leading to the improvement of many, many lives.
we warmly welcome this announcement.'
Ian Green, chief executive of the Terrence Higgins Trust, said: 'The priority must now be to make sure that the trial is rolled out speedily across the country, and that no-one at risk of HIV is left behind.
now that the PrEP trial drug has been procured, we're well on the way to protecting over 10,000 people at risk of HIV.'
shadow public health minister Sharon Hodgson said: 'The start of the PrEP trial is welcome and long overdue after months of delays and heel-dragging by the Government.
the evidence shows just how transformative this drug can be as part of our approach to HIV prevention and ending the transmission of this life-changing infection.
this trial will take us one step closer to fully understanding the benefits of PrEP.
now it is important that this trial is rolled out as quickly as possible across the country to protect individuals who are exposed to HIV and help take us one step closer to ending the spread of HIV in society.'
living the high life: mezzanine floor and clever design tricks have transformed this small Earls Court flat into a spacious home
Joanne Leigh, a former banker with a passion for doing up property, downsized from a large home in Knightsbridge to an Earls Court apartment in 2014.
it is on the first floor of a smart Queen Anne terrace - and it is a testament to the new design that Joanne hasn't packed her bags and sold on.
"before this, I was living with my ex in Knightsbridge in a much bigger space," Joanne says.
"I was looking for something that was comparable for my price.
I was shown this apartment in Earls Court and it had the same high ceilings.
I fell in love with it and put an offer in that day."
since the first viewing, the 1,000sq ft flat has had a complete overhaul.
originally a one-bedroom property with a convoluted layout - you had to walk through the kitchen to get to the bedroom - Joanne wanted to add storage space and a mezzanine to make the most of the generous ceiling height.
"I wanted high ceilings, big windows, lots of light.
that was my requirement," she says.
to this end, she employed Erfan Azadi of Notting Hill-based architecture and design studio duck & shed to exploit the 12.5ft ceilings and create a home that wasn't only a development but a place for Joanne to live.
the ceiling wasn't quite tall enough to add two spaces on top of each other so the architectural challenge was to create a mezzanine that you could stand up in.
Erfan had to think creatively to resolve the brief.
"the steelwork is quite complicated," he explains.
"We had to arrange the spaces so that they stacked on top of each other without needing to hunch down.
it wasn't just building a simple platform, but cranking the steels so that they were at the right height for the function above or below."
this arrangement allowed Erfan to get two full-height rooms on top of each other in the space - with lots of added drama.
for the mezzanine, a vintage copper light window from Retrouvius looks down over the glamorous living area below.
mirrored gold furniture, silver accents and vintage Serge Mouille lighting all set the style for the scheme.
the use of mirrors plays a part in adding theatre, space and light.
a short corridor is mirrored at both ends to make it appear longer.
in the kitchen, the mirrored splashback feels like a window to another room.
at the entrance, mirrored units provide storage for all Joanne's cutlery and glassware.
giving the perception of a more glamorous space, the beauty of the living room is being able to close off the kitchen when it's not in use.
Foldaway kitchens are nothing new.
what's unique about this one is that it's a garage-style lift-up door.
"a bit of engineering went into that," explains Erfan of the steel-reinforced, veneered MDF door.
"It's counter-weighted so that when you push the door up, it glides really easily."
thanks to clever use of space and storage, Joanne gained an additional 16sq m, an extra bedroom and an improved layout.
"at the end of the day, floor space is what you are going to sell - or how your property is valued," Erfan says.
"in a rudimentary form, a real estate agent will walk in and do a calculation based on floor size."
here they have managed to increase the floor space while using quality materials that give the space its luxurious edge.
"the materials are the things that you touch and therefore help to create an emotional bond in a home," says Erfan.
"You don't fall in love with the electrical feeds in the walls.
these are important but they don't pull the heart strings."
it goes to show that through good design and increased square metreage, a flat can turn from something standard into something quite amazing.
in fact, like Joanne, you may choose not to leave.
Brothers fight over $500 million property empire
two brothers are at war over one of Victoria's biggest real estate empires, worth more than $500 million, four decades after their Italian family founded the dynasty.
former Carlton Football Club director and developer Colin De Lutis lives in a Toorak mansion three doors from younger brother Paul, who has taken him to the Supreme Court over how their property and business assets will be sliced up.
Paul has wanted out of the family business since 2014 but an acrimonious argument is playing out in the Supreme Court over the break-up.
together with their mother Anna the brothers own 38 properties worth more than half a billion dollars, amassed since the family bought a Smith Street, Collingwood, shop in 1973.
there, the family founded Westco jeans and grew it into a chain of 160 retail outlets.
it sold in 1999 for $85 million.
that money was sunk into property and the De Lutis portfolio now includes city offices, Brunswick and Sorrento development sites, Gold Coast and Mt Buller apartments, and suburban shopping centres.
under an agreement with their late father, Colin - described by Paul as "the major driving force and the dominant personality" in the De Lutis family - owns about two-thirds of the company assets and Paul about one-third.
a court filing says this translates to Colin owning property worth $316 million and Paul $176 million.
dividing the properties and cash has proved the sticking point for Paul.
"the splits proposed by Colin left him with what I considered to be the best properties," he wrote in an initial court affidavit in 2015.
last Friday, after several failed mediations, the first Supreme Court hearing was held.
the brothers are also now fighting over who controls the existing business - which Paul alleges Colin has locked him out of.
Colin argues this is not true, but accuses Paul of incompetently managing some properties.
in an early affidavit filed by Colin, he says he hopes to resolve the dispute.
"My Italian heritage dictates that family is the most important priority," he wrote.
costs are mounting in the case, with hundreds of pages of affidavits, emails and reports by companies including Deloitte, pitcher Partners and Charter Keck Cramer filed and top barristers including Allan Myers, QC, and senior solicitors retained by both sides.
MS De Lutis and her late husband Luigi were Italian immigrants who ran milk bars and delicatessens from the late 1950s and in the early 1970s bought a shop in Brunswick.
they used the collateral to buy the Collingwood property where Colin opened the family's first jeans store.
Colin says he started Westco there when he was "in my final years of high school, when Paul was a young child (around 10 years old)."
Anna De Lutis says she and Luigi, who died in 2012, hoped to pass down their properties to their sons amicably.
"Luigi often said to me that he never wanted the brothers to end up in court," she wrote.
two other brothers, Mark and Luke, are no longer part of the De Lutis group of companies, with Colin saying that Mark was paid $10 million when he left the business, and Luke $26 million.
both Luke and Mark had become, Paul says, "bitter about the terms of their financial separation."
Colin has kept a low profile despite being a former AFL club board member and, according to a 2015 biography of Eddie McGuire, the television star's best friend.
Fairfax Media contacted Colin and Paul De Lutis on Friday, and their lawyers.
only Colin replied, by text message, to say that because the case was before the courts "I really cannot say much."
"It's very, very sad that my brother Paul has chosen to sue me and drag our family name through the courts," he wrote.
in mid-2016, Colin wrote in one court filing that he had tried to accommodate his brother's requests.
"Our father would not have wanted to see Paul and I end up in our current dispute," he said, adding that he was "still hopeful of resolution."
on Friday, that hope appeared gone.
"Our matter will be resolved by the courts in the near future," Colin wrote.
Trump's new chief of staff plans to restrict the president's media diet.
others have tried and failed.
maybe John F. Kelly can actually do it.
if so, he will be the first.
POLITICO reports that the new White House chief of staff plans to restrict the flow of information to President Trump - including news media reports - in the hope of keeping the boss on a more even keel.
here's a bit from reporter Josh Dawsey:
"When new White House Chief of Staff John F. Kelly huddled with senior staff on his first day at work, he outlined a key problem in President Donald Trump's White House that he planned to fix: bad information getting into the president's hands.
Kelly told the staff that information needed to flow through him - whether on paper or in briefings - because the president would make better decisions if given good information."
Kelly's diagnosis makes perfect sense, but others have tried and failed to tame Trump by monitoring his media diet.
President Trump's relationship with television goes back decades - and now that he's in the White House, his TV-watching habit is still going strong.
"If candidate Trump was upset about unfair coverage, it was productive to show him that he was getting fair coverage from outlets that were persuadable," Sam Nunberg, a former campaign adviser, told POLITICO in February.
Politico's Tara Palmeri wrote at the time that "the key to keeping Trump's Twitter habit under control, according to six former campaign officials, is to ensure that his personal media consumption includes a steady stream of praise."
okay.
but the idea that Trump's Twitter habit has ever been "under control" is laughable.
maybe these campaign officials know something the rest of us don't - that Trump's tweets would have been even more inflammatory if not for their interventions.
we'll probably never know about tweets that Trump didn't send.
if his staffers managed to him out of trouble even a few times, then their efforts were worthwhile.
but no one has been able to consistently prevent Trump from stirring up controversy.
part of the problem is that in a White House composed of competing factions, people invariably try to advance their agendas by presenting Trump with material - which may or may not be reliable - that promotes their worldviews.
POLITICO - all over this story - reported in May on advisers' penchants for strategically feeding dubious information to the president.
this was one example, described by reporter Shane Goldmacher:
"current and former Trump officials say Trump can react volcanically to negative press clips, especially those with damaging leaks, becoming engrossed in finding out where they originated.
that is what happened in late February when someone mischievously gave the president a printed copy of an article from GotNews.com, the website of Internet provocateur Charles C. Johnson, which accused deputy chief of staff Katie Walsh of being 'the source behind a bunch of leaks' in the White House.
no matter that Johnson had been permanently banned from Twitter for harassment or that he offered no concrete evidence or that he had lobbed false accusations in the past and recanted them.
Trump read the article and began asking staff about Walsh."
Goldmacher added that then-chief of staff Reince Priebus and White House staff secretary Rob Porter "have tried to implement a system to manage and document the paperwork Trump receives."
How'd that work out?
Kelly is trying to do the same thing, three months later.
perhaps he will prove a more effective manager than Priebus, but Trump is still his impulsive self, and his aides are still vying for influence.
those immutable factors will make Kelly's mission very difficult.
most-wanted criminals receive post from Europol
as the address is unknown, the assistance of the population is being requested and hoped for.
police across all of Europe are sending (virtual) postcards this summer to dangerous criminals on the run.
since the addresses of the sought-after serious criminals are not known, they are hoping and asking for tips from the population.
Europol reported on Friday about the campaign, which follows on from the "EU Most Wanted" advent calendar from the winter.
experience has shown that many fugitives hide out in holiday destinations, was the word from Europol.
21 postcards for sought-after criminals from 21 EU countries have been assembled.
the website www.eumostwanted has existed since 2016, and has been visited more than 2.5 million times.
it has so far been possible to arrest 36 of those being sought online; at least 11 of these are due to tips following publication on the internet site.
travellers negotiate trench, return to 'Millionaire's row'
some of the West Midlands' wealthiest homeowners are again at loggerheads with determined travellers who have negotiated a council-dug trench to reclaim a field outside their mansions.
the travellers have parked their 20 caravans in a field outside a prosperous street of Solihull dubbed 'millionaire's row'.
bringing horses, babies and an army of vans, they have returned after being kicked out only in May, undeterred by a moat dug by the council to prevent their incursions.
the tactful group found a gap in the defences, squeezing their vehicles though a section left unbarricaded to accommodate a pathway.
furious residents have savaged Solihull Council saying it was 'useless at dealing with the problem'.
one anonymous resident said: 'They moved there on Monday night after being moved on from Bentley Heath where they were throwing rocks at passers by.
the council needs to be shamed into action as they are useless at dealing with the problem.
the travellers were there in May, were moved on and now they are back again.
more arrived last night, probably even more today.'
she added: 'Birmingham council knows how to deal with this by getting long injunctions to protect their parks.
I live on Streetsbrook road and I'm not happy to continue paying my council tax when the council can't even stop this.'
one local resident who did not wish to be named said: 'it is ridiculous, we have only just seen the last round of these travellers leaving, only to be blighted by another round.
the numbers have increased this time and a horse has even been seen grazing on the parkland.'
a spokeswoman for Solihull Council said: 'We are aware of an unauthorised encampment on land off Streetsbrook Road and working alongside Solihull Police, we are undertaking the necessary legal actions to move them on as quickly as possible.
to support our evidence gathering it is very important that as many local residents as possible report any anti-social or criminal behaviour to the police by calling 101.
this helps build a picture of the situation for the court to consider when we present our case to them.'
Birkenhof becomes Waldhotel Luise
the former Hotel Birkenhof is being turned into the Waldhotel Luise.
the house just outside Freudenstadt is currently being renovated and should be opened again on 1st March next year.
that is good news for the city.
for when the Hotel Birkenhof was closed by former operating company Ambiente Betriebsgesellschaft mbH on 13th April 2014, at the time around 30,000 overnight stays per year were lost, and with that, the income from the visitors' taxes.
in the autumn of 2014, in the face of dramatically increasing numbers of refugees who were coming into the rural district, the hotel building was offered to the district administration as collective housing, which sparked controversial discussions.
the city prevented the accommodation of asylum seekers by preparing development plans to secure the area as a hotel location.
the decision passed in the municipal council back then without controversy.
yet Freudenstadt's lord mayor, Julian Osswald, in particular, defended the hotel location and already back then spoke of serious interested parties in the establishment.
and he was right.
the Luisenhotels Group, with Managing Director Birgit Scherer, based in Bad Bergzabern, acquired the former Hotel Birkenhof at a voluntary auction in Berlin and wants to return it to being an establishment in the three-stars-or-more category, under the name Waldhotel Luise.
the group has four establishments including the Freudenstadt property.
two of them are in Bad Bergzabern, and one is in Bad Herrenalb.
they are called Hotel Luise, Luisenpark, Parkhotel Luise and, now, Waldhotel Luise.
there has been a skip standing in front of the entrance to the former Hotel Birkenhof for a long time now, and when you enter the building, it becomes clear just how extensive the refurbishment works are that are being undertaken.
the floors have been ripped out, ceilings partly dismantled, old bath tubs taken out of the rooms.
the entire hotel building is one big construction site.
there is still a lot to do before March.
"It is truly a beautiful hotel," says Thomas Scherer in conversation with our paper.
everything is to be redone in the Black Forest style.
the rooms are being kitted out with large, walk-in showers, the entrance foyer is being revamped, new windows are being installed.
everything should later become "beautifully in touch with the people," is how Thomas Scherer expressed it.
"We want to make a gem of it."
swimming pool, wellness area and a meeting room are part of the facilities.
one doesn't want to position oneself at the high level of the hotels in Lauterbad, but still at an elevated downtown level, stressed Scherer.
the Waldhotel Luise, with its roughly 60 rooms, wants to set itself up for a broad audience, explains Scherer further.
individual holiday-makers, groups, and business people, should all feel at home in the hotel.
Scherer said that he had already had conversations with Lord Mayor Julian Osswald and Director of Tourism Michael Krause.
the city's expectations are said to be in line with those of the hotel group.
"We're on the same page."
asked about the level of investments, Thomas Scherer doesn't want to commit himself precisely.
a little under a million euros, he reckons.
the outside facilities are also being revamped - that can already be seen.
in an inner courtyard, a large terrace is taking shape, which will be accessible from the restaurant, which is public.
Thomas Scherer is optimistic: "Freudenstadt is a good market."
Russia affair: US Special Counsel convenes grand jury
in the Russia affair surrounding US President Donald Trump, Special Counsel Robert Mueller is said to have convened a so-called grand jury, according to one report.
the panel started work in recent weeks, wrote the "Wall Street Journal," relying on sources intimately acquainted with the matter.
the newspaper judged the step to be a sign that Mueller has broadened and intensified his investigations.
the broadcaster CNN reported that the panel has already issued its first subpoenas in connection with a meeting between Trump's oldest son and a Russian lawyer.
US secret service has long been accusing the Kremlin of purposefully interfering in the 2016 presidential election campaign.
Mueller is investigating whether there was any collusion between Trump's campaign team and Moscow.
several men who acted as Republican advisers during the election campaign are said to stand at the centre of the investigations.
according to reports, Mueller has been subjecting Trump's private and business circles to more and more scrutiny.
the "Washington Post" wrote a few weeks ago that the Special Counsel has personally shifted the centre of focus onto Trump and is investigating the charge of whether or not the President could have obstructed the course of justice during the affair.
it is the main task of the grand jury to review the available evidence in cases of possible felonies and to decide whether charges should be brought.
grand juries are for this reason also called prosecution chambers.
they are usually engaged for major and controversial cases.
the procedure always takes place behind closed doors.
the panel may also be engaged by the public prosecutor's office to subpoena people for questioning under oath.
according to the broadcaster CNN, subpoenas have already been issued in relation to a meeting between Donald Trump Jr. and a Russian lawyer.
people who had been involved in this meeting had been summoned to give evidence, the report said.
they were also supposed to make documents available.
in addition to Trump Jr., Trump's adviser and son-in-law Jared Kushner and his former campaign manager Paul Manafort were also present at the meeting.
legal experts said on US television on Thursday evening that the convening shows that Mueller will not let himself be intimidated in his work and that he is willing to act quickly, should that be necessary.
however, this does not necessarily mean that the grand jury is ultimately being engaged in order to decide whether to bring charges.
nevertheless, the convening of the panel signals the beginning of a new phase in the investigations and gives President Trump a new cause for concern.
in the midst of these new revelations, the President took advantage of a speech in West Virginia on Thursday evening in order to portray the Russia affair as a campaign of his political opponents.
"the Russia story is a total fabrication," said Trump.
he said the subject gives Democrats an opportunity "to feel better when they have nothing else to talk about."
his special adviser Ty Cobb explained in a statement that he knew nothing about the convening of a grand jury.
but it usually operates in secret, he stressed.
the White House supports any measures that speed up the work of the Special Counsel in a "fair" way.
former head of the FBI James Comey said three times that the President was not under investigation, he said.
there is no reason to presume that anything has changed, his statement continued.
however, Mueller was only engaged after Trump had fired Comey.
due to the sacking, accusations were raised that he wanted to obstruct the course of justice.
Comey stated before a Senate committee in June that Trump had asked him to put an end to the investigations into former national security adviser Michael Flynn.
the President was under a lot of pressure because of the investigation.
as the US media portrays it, the White House gathered materials against the Special Counsel and his colleagues.
this gave rise to speculations about whether Trump wanted to dismiss Mueller.
unlike an independent Special Counsel of Congress, such as, for example, in the Watergate scandal concerning President Richard Nixon, who later stepped down, Mueller is in a position where, in theory, he could be fired by the justice department if the President pushed for it.
however, various senators, from both parties, want to avoid such a move.
two groups of Republican and Democratic senators proposed draft legislation on Thursday that would make it no longer so easy for the Special Counsel to be dismissed.
Antarctica: gigantic iceberg drifts into the Antarctic
in the West Antarctic, a gigantic iceberg almost seven times the size of Berlin has detached from the ice shelf.
the Alfred Wegener Institute for Polar and Marine Research in Bremerhaven communicated this on Wednesday.
the over a trillion-ton-heavy and 5800-square-kilometre-big colossus is now drifting to the north and will probably need two or three years to melt.
with a length of 175 kilometres and a width of up to 50 kilometres, it is one of the largest ice giants that researchers have recorded in the last three decades.
it does not pose any danger for men.
the extent to which climate change had a part to play in the iceberg breaking off is unclear from the research scientists' findings.
nevertheless, altogether, there have been a series of unusual collapses of ice shelves in the region for around 30 years now, writes the US research centre for snow and ice (NSIDC) in a background fact report.
many researchers believe this could be connected to global warming.
the now detached colossus was previously a part of the Larsen C ice shelf.
shelf ice floats on the sea and is fed by large glaciers.
it thereby grows out ever further into the sea and regularly breaks off.
the Larsen C ice shelf is located south of South America, almost at the tip of the Antarctic Peninsula.
the equilibrium between growing and breaking off became disrupted north of this ice shelf a few years ago.
an entire ice shelf crumbled there, writes AWI researcher Daniela Jansen.
there is some evidence that the Larsen C ice shelf is in danger too, for the front edge has never retreated so far back as it currently is.
what is more, the ice sheet is under tension and could crumble if a piece breaks off at a key point.
the melting of shelf ice and icebergs do not raise sea water levels, since they float on the water and ice displaces as much water as it itself produces after melting.
however, the loss of the ice shelf leads to the glaciers feeding directly into the sea, and being able to flow out much faster than before.
the could potentially raise sea water levels, though only to a small degree, writes the British research project for monitoring the Antarctic (Midas).
according to information from the AWI, the Larsen C ice shelf, at almost 50,000 square metres, is the fourth biggest ice shelf in Antarctica.
it is up to 700 metres thick where it meets the mainland, and around 200 metres at the front edge to the open ocean.
it regularly breaks off there.
"Although this is a natural event, and we're not aware of any direct link to climate change, this puts the ice sheet in a very vulnerable position," says Martin O'Leary from Britain's Swansea University.
"This is the furthest back that it has been since records began," he also confirmed.
there is disagreement among scientists as to whether the Larsen C ice shelf will now grow again or whether it is receding long term and possibly collapsing, said his colleague Adrian Luckman, adding: "Our models say it will be less stable."
but this development will take decades.
even if these researchers do not attribute the break-off of this gigantic iceberg to climate change, nevertheless, very many ice shelfs in the Antarctic Peninsula have crumbled in recent decades.
this long tail of Antarctica stretches towards South America.
according to data from the research programme the British Antarctic Survey, the ice surface area of the Antarctic Peninsula has declined by 28,000 square kilometres since the 1950s.
the rise in temperatures has contributed to this decline.
the Antarctic Peninsula has warmed up by around three degrees in the last 50 years and is amongst those areas where temperatures are rising most quickly.
CDU want in-house wage agreement for staff
since it is getter ever more difficult to fill the positions that become available, the CDU is calling for secession from the employers' association, so as to become more attractive.
shortly before the Summer recess, the district assembly rubber-stamped 41 new posts in the administration.
more than 1100 permanent staff members and officials work for the district administration in Mettmann.
now another 17 trainees once more have their first working day behind them.
the apprenticeship positions at the district are apparently very coveted.
there were around 620 applications recorded for the places on offer this year.
however, the district is lacking additional personnel which it needs to overcome growing demands and duties.
currently there are 50 positions at the district of Mettmann that are still unfilled.
sought after are, among others, doctors and engineers as well as general administrative staff.
the CDU, together with the FDP and the UWG, now wants to seize the initiative in the district assembly and counter the dearth of skilled workers in the administration.
the administration is to "work out a plan for acquiring and developing staff," in line with the wishes of the parties.
the plan is not only to satisfy short-term demand in skilled workers, but, with a view to the future, to counteract the shortage of applicants, it is reported.
the entire concept should focus internally and externally, demonstrate concrete measures for lateral entry employees, and include a training offensive, demand the CDU, FDP and UWG.
well that does sound like a good approach.
for the district has staffing problems, the likes of which it has not seen before.
other cities poach good officials and staff members and offer attractive conditions.
the talk is of a downright "contest between public employers."
in addition, a large number of employees are leaving service due to illness or age.
high time to act then, so that not even more positions remain unfilled.
yet Klaus-Dieter Völker, parliamentary group leader of the CDU, is, with his party, going even beyond the joint request.
just recently he caused a huge surprise in the district assembly when he publicly called the staff capping into question and startled the other parties.
Völker wants all avenues to be examined that enable a secession from the municipal employers' association.
"If we don't reach a satisfactory solution in the short term, the district administration should strive with the unions - perhaps also in collaboration with the district's towns - to secure an in-house wage agreement," said Völker.
the CDU are thereby attempting to pay the permanent staff and officials better than the pay-scale for public sector workers actually allows for.
salaries are currently prescribed exactly, and there are only raises or more money when moves into a more senior level, which is based on years experience.
yet the district's tasks have expanded more and more in recent years.
for the first time a few weeks ago, new premises had to be erected for staff to tackle the provisions of the new prostitutes Protection Act.
not least because of the growing number of applications for asylum, County Commissioner Thomas Hendele and District Director Martin Richter have a problem: they have too few staff.
Italy toughens tone on NGO migrant rescue boats
Italy has warned NGOs operating migrant rescue boats in the Mediterranean they will not be allowed to continue if they do not sign up to new rules governing their operations.
"If NGOs do not sign up to a new code of conduct, it is difficult to see how they can continue operating," Interior Minister Marco Minniti said in an interview with Turin daily La Stampa.
Minniti's warning came a day after Italian authorities impounded a boat operated by German aid organisatiion Jugend Rettet on suspicion its crew effectively collaborated with people traffickers in a way that facilitated illegal immigration.
the aid organisation, which has only been operational for a year, declined to comment on the substance of detailed allegations made against it by Italian prosecutor Ambrogio Cartosio.
"for us the rescue of human life is and will be our top priority, so we are very sorry we will not be able to operate in the search and rescue zone at the moment," the organisation said in a statement on social media.
"We can only assess all the accusations currently being made after we have gathered all the information and can assess the situation."
Italian authorities had been monitoring Jugend Rettet's boat, the Iuventa, since October.
its crew is suspected to taking on board dinghy loads of migrants delivered directly to them by people traffickers and allowing the smugglers to make off with the vessels to be used again.
at least one such meeting allegedly took place only 1.3 miles off the Libyan coast, according to the prosecutor's file, the contents of which were published by Italian media.
the crew are suspected of having flouted the authority of the Italian coastguard, which oversees rescue operations in the zone, out of humanitarian zeal rather than for any other motives.
under the code of conduct, boats like the Iuventa would notably have to have an Italian police officer on board monitoring their activities.
only three of the nine NGOs involved in search and rescue operations have so far agreed to abide by the code: Save The Children, Malta-based MOAS and Spain's Pro-Activa Open arms.
the latter said on Thursday it regarded the new rules as unnecessary but acceptable as they would not involve any "significant change or impediment" to its rescue operations.
among those who have refused to sign is the Nobel Prize-winning organisation Doctors Without Borders (MSF).
Minniti meanwhile said a sharp fall over recent weeks in the number of migrants arriving in Italy following rescues was an indication that efforts to beef up the Libyan coastguard and cooperation with local mayors was bearing fruit.
"in recent days we have begun to see light at the end of the tunnel," the minister said.
he revealed plans for further talks this month with Libyan mayors on economic development initiatives and with Chad, Niger and Mali on measures to reduce the number of migrants leaving those countries in the hope of reaching Europe.
Ascents and trials
nine Weilermer bikers, the "Berlin outpost," and two guest riders met in Wachenheim in North Palatinate to enjoy four days of trials and attractions.
three chummy guides were on hand for this.
the accommodation in the Wachenheimer TAL proved to be a good starting point for the tours.
Wachenheim's Castle and Wine Festival was a welcome extra.
the first tour led along the vineyards, amidst hot summer temperatures, to the Chapel of St. Michael above Deidesheim.
there followed viewing spots, some on towers, from which one could look far and wide over the Palatinate Forest and the upstream plains.
in between, there were time and again long uphill climbs, for which long trials were the reward.
on the second day, they went to Bad Dürkheim, to the salt works and to the Wurstmarkt festival.
again, there came vantage point after vantage point, strung together with "flowing" trials and moderate ascents.
on the last two days, lots of high altitudes were on the cards again.
caves, rocks, towers, castles, ruins and refreshment cabins brought welcome pauses.
in Bad Dürkheim, the bikers breathed in healing salt water in the open-air inhalatorium.
they headed for Neustadt too.
after 173 kilometres and almost 4500 metres in altitude, the group had got to know the Palatinate Forest from its best side - sporty and cultural.
console instead of turf - Bundesliga is getting ready for e-sport
will the sports stars of the future sit in front of computer consoles instead of battling sweatily, come wind or rain, on the stadium turf?
the fact is, e-sport has long been a credible industry, a lucrative business - big stars, millions of fans and huge tournaments, complete with big salaries.
even the top Bundesliga clubs have recognised this, and are getting more and more involved in this area.
VfL Wolfsburg took the lead in 2015, followed later by FC Schalke 04, and most recently by VfB Stuttgart, who founded an e-sport department in the middle of July and signed two pros for the computer game FIFA 17.
"by doing this, we hope to get completely new, young target groups fired up about the VfB," says board member Jochen Röttgermann.
he is sure "that countless more clubs are getting on board this train."
the world football association, FIFA, is organising the first "interactive Club World Cup" this coming weekend in London, which will see gamers from different clubs compete against each other.
alongside Schalke and Wolfsburg, Manchester City, Paris Saint-Germain and PSV Eindhoven have qualified, to give some examples.
Robin Dutt also sees great potential in e-sport.
the ex-coach of Bayer Leverkusen and Werder Bremen is now consulting an agency for virtual footballers.
"real football has to deal in particular with the 14-30 year olds, so that the young people still go to the stadium in the future," says the 52-year-old.
And: the clubs are trying to conquer all possible markets, above all the Asian ones.
with prominent e-sportspeople under contract, it would be possible to be present online in these markets vastly more often than the mere once a year the national team gets sent to Asia.
what exactly is it about?
in e-sport, computer games like "League Of Legends," "Dota 2," "Counterstrike" or even the football simulator FIFA are battled out on a competitive level.
just like in the regular sport, leagues have long been established, in which the pros compete against one another.
and for the 2022 Asian Games, e-sport is already part of the official programme.
but is it even a real sport?
for many people, this notion certainly takes some getting used to.
Ingo Froböse also grappled with this question for a long time.
for the professor at the German Sports University of Cologne, e-sport is a sport, because it is competitive and features many biological and physical reactions that one also finds in classic sport - for example, a raised heart rate, stress responses, hormonal changes.
in addition, it requires cognitive capabilities, technical and tactical understanding and an ability to react quickly.
professional gamers ought to train not only on the console, but also their bodies, and should pay attention to their diet.
"a fit player is a good player."
Froböse sees problems too though: "Doping is becoming more and more of an issue."
for online games it is difficult to implement testing, and the scene is lacking the structures of the classic sport.
the scientist positively stresses the highly integrative effect of e-sport.
the players travel internationally, it is like a big global family, and there are no intercultural barriers.
a study from consultancy firm Deloitte and the Federal Association of Interactive Entertainment Software (BIU) predicts rapid growth for the e-sport.
in 2016, it turned over 50 million euros in Germany, many through advertising, sponsorship and big tournaments.
in three years, the turnover should total 130 million.
compared to the almost 2.4 billion euros of the football Bundesliga that is admittedly scant.
however, the e-sport is "no longer far off other established sports like handball, basketball or ice hockey," write the Deloitte consultants.
many countries internationally are already further ahead.
big markets are Asia and the USA, where ex-basketball player Shaquille O'Neal and baseball star Alex Rodriguez are involved in the US team NRG eSports.
Hollywood actor Ashton Kutcher is investing in the e-sport bookmaker Unikrn.
in Europe too, quite a bit is happening.
E-sport has been introduced to the curriculum in a Norwegian school, says Froböse.
in the Netherlands and in France, the top division football clubs are now committed to setting up an e-sport department, according to Dutt.
"Compared with the rest of Europe, Germany is lagging behind," declares VfB board member, Röttgermann.
simply to slide back into nostalgia and romanticise the old days is no longer enough these days.
it's about preserving the tradition of the club while at the same time aligning the business with the modern market.
"We are living in a digitalised world," says Dutt as well.
"so you can't cling on to the idea that only in football, everything stays as it always was."
farewell poisoned eggs! The egg alternative for cooking and baking
by now, almost every Federal State has been affected by the scandal concerning poison-contaminated eggs.
Aldi Süd and Aldi Nord have reacted and withdrawn all eggs from sale across the whole of Germany.
only eggs that are proven not to contain Fipronil are to be stacked onto shelves.
Michelle Carter sentenced for texts urging suicide of Conrad Roy
a Massachusetts woman has been sentenced to two and a half years for encouraging her boyfriend to commit suicide through texts and phone calls.
Michelle Carter, now 20, will serve 15 months of her term behind bars and five years of probation.
Carter was convicted in June of the involuntary manslaughter of Conrad Roy, who took his own life on 13 July 2014.
Mr Roy's father told Thursday's hearing: "My family is heartbroken.
my son was my best friend."
Carter was allowed to remain free pending an appeal.
she had faced a maximum sentence of 20 years, but her legal team argued that both she and Mr Roy suffered from mental illness.
dressed in red trousers and a cream blouse, Carter stood tearfully with hands clasped and eyes cast down as she was sentenced.
"her actions killed Conrad Roy," the prosecutor told the court.
"She ended his life to better her own.
she has not accepted responsibility," she said.
"She has shown no remorse."
but Carter's lawyer said it was a "horrible circumstance that she completely regrets."
however, Judge Lawrence Moniz said he did not find that her "Age or level of maturity or even her mental illness have any significant impact on her actions."
a prosecutor read a statement from Mr Roy's mother, Lynn Roy, saying there was "not one day I do not mourn the loss of my beloved son.
I want him to be proud of me and how I am handling everything - I am trying to be there for his sisters in all of my pain we will carry with us for eternity," it said.
Mr Roy's sister, Camdyn Roy, testified that she was "haunted" by the realisation that she would never attend her brother's wedding or be an aunt to his children.
"not having that one person I've been with every day since birth is a pain I'll always keep with me for the rest of my life," she said.
the case appears to set a legal precedent, as there is no Massachusetts law that criminalises telling a person to commit suicide.
Carter was 17 when Mr Roy was found dead of carbon monoxide poisoning in a vehicle in 2014.
the case drew national attention after Carter's text messages revealed she had encouraged him to end his life.
"Hang yourself, jump off a building, stab yourself I don't know there's a lot of ways," she said in several messages sent in the two weeks before his death while he was on holiday with his family.
in the moments before his suicide, she wrote: "You need to do it, Conrad" and "All you have to do is turn the generator on and you will be free and happy."
judge Moniz said Carter sought attention through Mr Roy's death, ordering that she not be allowed to profit from the case through any press.
the case has divided legal opinion.
among the few to defend Carter was Amanda Knox, who was convicted of murdering her British roommate in Italy in 2007 before she was cleared two years ago.
MS Knox, 30, published an op-ed in the Los Angeles Times saying: "Michelle Carter deserves sympathy and help, not prison."
Joshua Kimmich: Learning from FC Bayern's new mini Lahm
it is no coincidence that Joshua Kimmich was allowed to take to the field as captain at the Audi Cup.
FC Bayern thinks the Confederations Cup winner is capable of a big season - a bit of extra motivation doesn't hurt.
something was different there at his place in the dressing room; Joshua Kimmich noticed that immediately, even if the extra piece of kit was very, very small.
but since on the second day of the Audi Cup there was of course no Philipp Lahm anywhere to be seen, and no Manuel Neuer either, he simply put the band he'd been allocated on his arm.
"the coach didn't announce it," explained the Confederations Cup winner later, after his first outing as Bayern captain.
sure, the debut could have gone better than the 0:2 against SSC Napoli.
but Kimmich could also interpret the signal from the coach as follows.
out of the C team of youth players, debutants and pros just back from the holidays, it was not the eight-years-older Arturo Vidal that was chosen as captain, but him.
indeed, it is those that one thinks capable, those who one wants to keep happy that one likes to give treats to the most.
and anyone chosen to take on the mantel of Lahm can do only too well with a little bit of extra motivation.
Kimmich confirmed: "That is what one wants as a player: to take on responsibility."
the 22-year-old darted over the field like a mini Lahm on Wednesday.
right back, that's his position now; the white armband cast its habitual spell.
and in general, Kimmich looked in this starting formation like one who is best able to take to the helm.
he gave instructions, attempted to steer the out-of-practice troop.
he had an eye for the bigger picture while many others were busied with themselves.
Vidal to cover up his lack of fitness (didn't really work); Renato Sanches to live up to his performances of the Asia trip (worked, but to a limited extent); and Sebastian Rudy and Niklas Süle to not make a negative impression on their first outings in the Bayern Jersey.
that worked out quite well though.
Süle took to the field alongside Kimmich, Rudy in front of the defence - both performed excellently.
the renowned Napoli attack often made heavy weather of it, and on top of that, Süle made a couple of successful attempts as the game developed.
his team mate, Rudy, admitted that the result "was not what we had hoped for."
but he too showed a decent performance on his debut.
shifting play, changing pace: "That's the style I was brought in for."
just how unused to new arrivals this Bayern world is could be seen after the match.
Rudy, for example, gave not one or two, but as many as six or seven interviews in the tunnels.
Kimmich took his leave after a few crisp remarks in support of his new team mates.
there was an interesting sentence to be heard from Süle there: "I've already noticed what went wrong here.
at Bayern, you just have to win every game."
he doesn't have to teach the newbies that anymore though.
Alaba motivates the ÖFB women
David Alaba believes our ÖFB women will be successful
Austria's most famous footballer spoke up shortly before the game and wished the ÖFB women all the best.
the Bayern Legionnaire is, after all, practically a club mate of the ÖFB captain Schnaderbeck, and cheers our ladies on.
the tweet from the Austrian footballer of the Year and Champions League winner was intended to give a special injection of motivation.
our ladies could perhaps also do with a bit of that famous Bayern luck.
companies happy with Rhineland-Palatinate minister: Industry praises Wissing's speed
the relationship between the state and local industry often proved irreconcilable when Evaline Lemke (The Greens) was still Rhineland Palatinate's Economic Affairs Minister.
this is evident after more than a year of the new Economic Affairs Minister, Volker Wissing (FDP) being in office.
chambers and companies from the region are responding to a TV enquiry by speaking of a change in economic policy - and at the same time rebuke the old minister.
Frank Natus, chairman of the association of Trier companies Vereinigung Trierer Unternehmen (VTU) says: "Wissing is addressing the wishes of the industry, all of which Lemke blocked."
Natus considers the biggest U-turn to be in infrastructure policy: linking the A1 motorway between Kelber and Adenau is now right at the top of the state's list of priorities.
the Ministry hopes that planning procedures will be in place this year already, and the construction rights should hold until 2021.
the Trier western bypass also plays a role in the state's plans, being in the priority need category of The Federal Transport Infrastructure Plan.
the goal is to put the stretch into service in December 2020, says ministry spokesperson Cornelia Holtmann.
Natus sees in this a roadmap for supporting regional, but internationally competitive, companies.
the Trier Chamber of Industry and Commerce (IHK) is striving, as spurred on by Wissing, to achieve a Rhineland-Palatinate label for wine, in order to increase sales in supermarkets and stop the trend of the last ten years of sagging German wine exports.
in addition, Wissing is said to have a sympathetic ear for people who want to found their own company, the IHK applauded.
the Trier Chamber of Trades sees an additional incentive for young trainees in the new master bonus, says manager Matthias Schwalbach.
a prize of 1000 euros is envisaged for passing the master craftsman examination, and 2500 euros if graduates become self-employed within ten years of their master craftsman training.
the state's list of homework assignments remains long though.
facts have to presented quickly for the road construction planned, and at the same time the state is lacking the necessary human resources, says Jan Glockauer, Managing Director of the Trier IHK.
of the 56 new engineers that Wissing wants to employ at the Federal State Office for Mobility, only 29 posts have been filled thus far.
the IHK is pressing for more contracts to be awarded to external offices.
Deputy leader of the CDU parliamentary faction Christian Baldauf points to calculations from the Court of Auditors: in 2017 and 2018, the state is investing more than 20 million euros less on maintaining federal state roads than recommended.
Frank Natus is also still expecting the state to put forward a policy as to how it wants to remedy the lack of skilled workers in the region.
also sobering is the expansion of broadband in the state up until now.
in 2016, in an IHK survey, local companies had evaluated the mains supply with a mark of only 3.4.
they complained about sluggish internet connections and outages.
ex-minister of Economic Affairs Eveline Lemke, on the other hand, is currently out of politics and is still sitting on the supervisory board of wind energy company Pro wind.
Lemke left the Green party in April in order to become president of a private university in Karlsruhe - from where, after four months, she has already bid a retreat due to disagreements.
Audi to modify Up to 850,000 Diesel Vehicles as Carmakers Face Backlash
a day before Audi's announcement, BMW said it would offer to upgrade the software in more than 350,000 vehicles.
the BMW chairman said the company believed "there are more intelligent options than driving restrictions," referring to the European cities - including Munich, where BMW is based - that have considered banning or restricting diesel vehicles.
Daimler announced on Tuesday that it would modify three million Mercedes vehicles in Europe to reduce their diesel emissions.
none of the companies described the moves as recalls.
European carmakers have heavily promoted the use of diesel vehicles in Europe and the United States to help meet rules on carbon dioxide emissions.
but the nitrogen oxides that diesel engines emit are considered carcinogens, and can cause asthma.
the cost to automotive companies of installing equipment to neutralize the fumes emitted by diesel vehicles is also increasing, making it difficult to keep the price of the cars competitive.
as German automakers face scrutiny, the government of Chancellor Angela Merkel has also been accused of coddling the powerful car companies and of ignoring signs of the problem.
the companies are trying to avoid repeating the mistakes of Volkswagen, which covered up its use of so-called defeat devices that could adjust emissions to comply with regulations when a car was being tested, but ease back in normal driving conditions.
several Volkswagen executives have been charged in the United States, and others are under investigation on both sides of the Atlantic.
last month, the former head of thermodynamics at Audi's engine development department was arrested in Germany.
the former manager, Zaccheo Giovanni Pamio, is Italian, and therefore is not protected from extradition and could face trial in the United States.
early this year, Audi was swept up into a German criminal investigation involving Volkswagen after the authorities accused Audi of installing a system to evade emissions rules in Europe, broadening an inquiry that had focused on the United States.
the inclusion of Audi in the investigation could weigh heavily on Volkswagen: The luxury carmaker accounts for a disproportionate share of Volkswagen's profit.
the raft on the Isar had this message on Saturday
the city wants to protect the Isar.
so that visitors to Isar play their part, a raft travelled through Munich on Saturday morning with a special message.
anyone drawn to the Isar again on Saturday will see a large raft there, between Flaucher and the Reichenbach bridge.
an no normal raft that is, with Isar tourists.
rather, the building department wants to get a message across.
there is a large information banner to be seen on the raft.
it depicts a mountain of rubbish.
the prelude to a publicity campaign that wants to call upon visitors to Isar.
using the motto "True love is...," the aim is to strengthen understanding for the Isar as a wild river deserving of protection.
last summer, the raft travelled over the Isar already, and this year too, there are further campaigns and measures to bring about thoughtful and environmentally aware behaviour.
Mordillo's bulbous noses and laughing in the face of sorrow
Mordillo was for a while one of the most-published cartoonists; his figures' bulbous noses are his trade mark.
even at 85, the Argentinian still draws and is working on a film.
his message: Laughing, "Because there's too much sorrow in the world."
Guillermo Mordillo was born on 4th August 1932 in Buenos Aires, the son of a Spanish immigrant.
in his first years as an artist he struggled along as an illustrator for celebration cards, amongst other things - which frustrated him.
"the happiest day in my professional life was the day I lost my job," he once said.
following posts in Lima, New York and Paris, at the end of the 60s he finally got his breakthrough: when his cartoons were published in "Paris Match" and then in the "Stern" as well, and other leading magazines around the world.
even in China, Mordillo found many fans.
the artist always let himself be inspired by cities.
large, rounded Mordillo figures cavort around in his drawings with the leaning tower of PISA, Big Ben in London and the Red Square in Moscow.
in the early morning, he sits at his drawing desk, still today according to his own statements, and works almost ten hours a day.
on calendars, puzzles, books for young and old, T-shirts, soft toys and clocks, his whimsical figures are still disseminated widely around the world.
in addition, he has been working for six years on an animated film and a TV series with his figures.
the main character in the film "crazy island" is a giraffe - Mordillo's favourite animal in his drawings - who has a millipede as his nemesis.
his figures are speaking for the first time in the 3D film, which should hit cinema screens in 2019.
"I don't know exactly what they are going to say; it is odd for me," says Mordillo.
the screenplay was not written by him.
therefore he is focussing rather on the TV series, which, like his original drawings, is being produced without words.
Provence lavender under threat from climate change
it has become a symbol of Provence in southern France, but there is a warning that it's under threat from climate change.
lavender is in decline because of drought-like conditions and disease-carrying insects, causing a major headache for scientists and farmers attempting to find solutions.
Eric Chaisse, an expert at the Provence-based agricultural research institute CRIEPPAM, said: "lavender in Provence is effectively endangered, because in recent years the plant has been subjected to the effects of climate change that brought a lot less rain in the spring and mostly in the autumn.
this affects the lifespan of lavender.
there's also a small cicada, a micro-bacteria transmitting leaf hopper, and in very dry weather there are lots of them."
and a lot is at stake.
as well as attracting holidaymakers, lavender oil is highly sought after for perfume and cosmetics.
Eric Chaisse said: "Instead of having very long plant ears with a number of large flowers, we have smaller ones, underdeveloped and either missing or weakened.
so we have fewer parts with essential oil."
solutions being looked at include better water distribution and slowing down evaporation from the soil, but also spraying the plants with a protective mix of clay and water and developing varieties more resistant to dry conditions.
the small town of Geisa in the Thuringian Rhön Mountains is today celebrating its 1200-year anniversary.
the highlight of the festivities will be this Saturday and Sunday, with a Medieval festival.
on these days, you should be able to experience grocers, guilds, merchants, vagrants or a Landsknecht camp in the town centre.
a journalist's murder underscores growing threat in Mexico
the staff of the weekly newspaper Riodoce normally meets on Wednesdays to review their plans for coverage of the most recent mayhem wrought in Sinaloa state by organized crime, corrupt officials and ceaseless drug wars.
but on this day, in the shadow of their own tragedy, they've come together to talk about security.
it's important to change their routines, they are told.
two senior journalists discuss what feels safer: to take their children with them to the office, which was the target of a grenade attack in 2009, or to leave them at home.
security experts have written three words on a blackboard at the front of the room: adversaries, neutrals, allies.
they ask the reporters to suggest names for each column - no proof is needed, perceptions and gut feelings are enough.
there are drug-traffickers, politicians, businesspeople, journalists suspected of being on the payroll of the government or the cartels, a catalog of villains who make the job of covering Mexico's chaos perilous.
there is no respite from the violence, and as bodies pile up across the country, more and more of them are Journalists: at least 25 since President Enrique Pena Nieto took office in December 2012, according to the Committee to Protect journalists; 589 under federal protection after attacks and threats; and so far this year, at least seven dead in seven states.
among the latest is their editor and inspiration, Riodoce co-founder Javier Valdez Cardenas.
"the greatest error is to live in Mexico and to be a journalist," Valdez wrote in one of his many books on narco-violence.
his absence is felt deeply, although his presence is everywhere - a large photo of Valdez displaying his middle finger, with the word "Justice," hangs on the facade of the Riodoce building; two reporters on their 30s, Aaron Ibarra and Miriam Ramirez, wear T-shirts that display his smiling, bespectacled face or his trademark Panama hat.
the workshop takes place less than two months after his death; the reporters discuss their shared trauma, their nightmares, insomnia, paranoia.
although a special federal prosecutor's office was established in 2010 to handle the journalists' cases, it has only prosecuted two, according to the Committee to Protect journalists.
as with most of the thousands of murders tied to drug trafficking and organized crime each year, the killers of journalists are rarely brought to justice.
at Riodoce, they persist in covering the violence of Sinaloa, though they are heartbroken, though the terrain is more treacherous now.
without information on the killers, without justice, the meeting to discuss security, says Ibarra, is of little use.
"It's very foolish to waste my time in this workshop," he says.
"as long as we don't know why, you distrust everyone."
on the morning of May 15, Valdez left the Riodoce office in the state capital of Culiacan.
he managed to drive just a couple blocks before his red Toyota Corolla was stopped by two men; he was forced out of his car and shot 12 times, presumably for the name of the paper - which translates as twelfth River.
the gunman drove away in his car and crashed it nearby.
Valdez was 50 years old.
he left a wife and two adult children.
rumors tend to fly freely in Culiacan.
but on the subject of Valdez, there's practically nothing but silence.
since Guzman's arrest last year and extradition to the United States in January, Sinaloa has been one of the country's bloodiest battlegrounds as rival factions fight to fill the vacuum.
never mind that someone or several people are shot dead in the street every day in Sinaloa, or that the cemetery is filled with ornate, two-story mausoleums for drug kings, larger than many homes for the living.
forget for a minute that a state of "calm" is when just one cartel is in control of the coastal state with its valuable ports and drug-trafficking routes to the United States.
despite that, and the fact that Valdez was intimately aware of the perils of his work, Ismail Bojorquez, 60, a co-founder and director of Riodoce, is wracked with guilt for failing to protect his friend.
he believes two errors contributed to the killing.
first there was the publication in February of an interview with Damaso Lopez, a leader of one of the rival cartel factions at war with Guzman's sons.
the piece may have angered the sons; suspected gang members bought up every copy of the edition as soon as they were delivered to newsstands.
the second mistake was not forcing Valdez to leave the country for his own safety after the seizure of another newspaper that carried the same story.
Valdez was a legend in Mexico and abroad, and his killing is seen as a milestone in Mexican violence against journalists.
he'd survived for so long, his friends and colleagues assumed he'd always be there.
he was a veteran reporter for Noroeste in 2003 when he joined five colleagues in creating Riodoce, selling $50 shares.
in Sinaloa, "it was impossible to do journalism without touching the narco issue," said Bojorquez.
over time the paper earned a reputation for brave and honest coverage, and sales and advertising increased.
reporters loved being able to publish hard-hitting investigations without fear of censorship, and readers were fascinated by a publication where they could read stories nobody else dared to cover.
eight years after Riodoce was founded, it won the prestigious Maria Moors Cabot award for coverage in Latin America.
that same year, Valdez won the International Press Freedom Award of the Committee to Protect Journalists for his courage in pursuing the Mexican drug story wherever it led.
he freely acknowledged that he was frightened.
"I want to carry on living," he said at the time of the CPJ award.
drug trafficking in Sinaloa "is a way of life," he said last October, in an interview with Rompeviento TV.
"You have to assume the task that falls to you as a journalist - either that or you play dumb.
I don't want to be asked, 'What were you doing in the face of so much death ... why didn't you say what was going on?'"
the Riodoce staff misses Valdez, the jokester who swore like a longshoreman, the friend generous with hugs and advice, a teacher who knew how to survive.
they relied on his routine.
he would always wear his hat.
he would go to El Guayabo, the bar across from the office, and would always sit at the same table.
now, they ask: Was his love of routine his downfall?
his death also has forced them to question their own assumptions about how best to do their jobs and stay alive.
"They don't like it if you mess with their women, their children, their clean businesses, their clandestine airstrips" used to move drugs.
"those things were off-limits," said Bojorquez.
the result is, even in the best of times, a high-level of self-censorship and self-preservation.
trusting one's instincts.
if it smells wrong, stay away.
the trouble, said Riodoce editor Andres Villarreal, is that "smell is a sense that can be fooled ... and then the thing with Javier happened."
the old rules, he and others say, no longer apply in Sinaloa - just as they don't in Tamaulipas, Veracruz, Guerrero and other states that are home to a toxic mix of lucrative smuggling routes, weak institutions and corrupt government officials.
the landscape constantly shifts.
in the room where Riodoce staff met for security training, suddenly no cellphones were allowed; days before, it was revealed that spyware sold exclusively to governments had been used to monitor journalists and activists in Mexico.
outside, two police officers sought relief from the 104-degree (40 Celsius) heat in the shade of a tree.
they were assigned by the state government to guard Riodoce's offices, housed in a four-story building in a middle-class neighborhood of Culiacan.
Half-jokingly, some of the reporters wondered whether these officers are among the 50 percent of cops whom the governor himself has said are not trustworthy.
it has been months since the reporters have gone into the mountainous countryside, where the drug gangs are in de facto control.
for this week's edition Riodoce was looking at three main stories.
there was the killing of former boxing great Julio Cesar Chavez's brother in Sinaloa.
they also had an expose on government spending concentrated in the governor's hometown.
and there was a group kidnapping in one of Culiacan's most expensive restaurants, a block from the prosecutor's office.
there was no official word on who was abducted or how it happened, so caution set in when it came time to write what everyone in the city knows: that the restaurant is a favorite of both drug traffickers and authorities.
a reporter learned from public records that the restaurant was registered under the name of a politician belonging to the ruling Institutional Revolution Party, or PRI, which dominated all levels of politics for nearly all of the last century.
recently several PRI governors have been accused of corruption in high-profile cases.
Villarreal asked the reporter to write about prior incidents in that locale, including one in which a son of "El Chapo" Guzman escaped a military raid.
just months before, readers would have looked to Valdez's column for the best-sourced information about the kidnapping.
"Before, we would have already known what happened," said Villarreal, 46, nicknamed "El Flaco" for his slender build.
"Now all channels of communication with our sources have been broken."
Valdez's office has been repurposed as a storage room for signs and stickers protesting journalist killings, as staff have become something they never expected to be: activists on behalf of the press.
reporter Miriam Ramirez grabbed a few of the signs and headed out the next morning for a demonstration at the local prosecutor's office over yet another journalist.
Salvador Adame disappeared in the western state of Michoacan three days after Valdez was killed.
a burned body has been discovered and officials say it is his, based on DNA tests.
nationwide, journalists have become more vocal, scrawling "SOS Press" on sidewalks and buildings in organized protests.
on this day, the director Bojorquez is away in Washington, trying to rally international support for justice in the Valdez case.
at a meeting with the governor of Sinaloa the day after Valdez was killed, Ramirez accused authorities of spying on journalists and having them killed for telling the truth.
she has since asked to be reassigned from covering the government, concerned that her anger has hurt her objectivity.
Valdez had repeatedly said that journalists in Mexico are "surrounded" by organized crime, complicit government officials and an indifferent society.
in his last book, "Narco-journalism," he wrote that reporters are being killed not just by drug gangs but on the order of politicians and security forces in cahoots with organized crime.
the media watchdog group Articulo 19 attributed more than half of attacks on journalists last year to police and public officials.
"in Mexico you die because they want to shut you up," Ramirez said.
clearly, the murders have a chilling effect.
no one forgets the death six years ago of blogger Maria Elizabeth Macias in the northern border state of Tamaulipas.
her body was found along with a note purportedly signed by the Zetas cartel: "Here I am because of my reports."
a computer keyboard and headphones lay next to her severed head.
some outlets have opted to close, such as the newspaper El Norte, in the northern border state of Chihuahua, after the killing of correspondent Miroslava Breach in March.
others keep going, as El Manana of Nuevo Laredo did following the killing of its director in 2004.
in 2010, Diario de Ciudad Juarez addressed the drug cartels publicly with a front-page editorial titled, "What do you want from us?"
some journalists have fled their home states or even the country.
it's a wrenching decision.
it's hard to find work in exile, and they still scan the streets, looking for danger.
and sometimes, they are hunted down, as apparently was photographer Ruben Espinosa, who was murdered in 2015 along with four women in a Mexico City apartment three months after fleeing Veracruz.
for those who stay behind and continue the work, it's a daily dance of high-risk decisions.
Ibarra - who once wanted to be a poet - admits that covering the drug trade scares him.
"Mexico is going to hell, and that's why I became a reporter," he said.
at midnight on a recent Friday, with the latest issue already put to bed, Riodoce editors sat on the sidewalk outside the office, drinking beer, when all at once, their phones began to buzz.
a series of shootouts involving gang rivals and security forces near the beach resort city of Mazatlan had left 19 confirmed dead.
the war continued to escalate, as was promised by a series of cartel messages discovered in the area.
from the curb, via cellphone, they put the news up on Riodoce's website.
the front page would have to be changed the next day.
sirens wailed nearby - another shootout in the area.
Bojorquez glanced over at the police officers standing guard to see if they were alert.
if they were at all afraid, they didn't show it.
beneath the massive portrait of their newspaper's fallen founder, his middle finger displayed for all of Sinaloa to see, the staff of Riodoce was following in his footsteps.
"How can you even think of closing," Bojorquez said, "when the same day Javier was killed the intern asked me to send her out to report on the street?"
dinosaur used camouflage to evade its enemies
at first glance, it looks like a statue albeit a terrifying one.
now researchers have revealed the first findings from the incredible rhino-sized creature found by a Canadian miner were so well preserved experts have described it as 'the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs'.
it was so well preserved, they were even able to determine the colour of its scaly skin was a reddish brown - and say it had something of a 'troubled past'.
the report in the journal Current Biology described it as 'the best-preserved armored dinosaur ever found, and one of the best dinosaur specimens in the world.'
the fossil is a newfound species of nodosaur, which lived midway through the Cretaceous period, between 110 million and 112 million years ago.
it's incredible well preserved state has stunned researchers, who describe it as 'truly remarkable'
the armoured plant-eater is the best preserved fossil of its kind ever found, according to reports in National Geographic.
it was found by Shawn funk, when he was digging at the Suncor Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
he hit something which seemed out of place from the surrounding rock, and decided to take a closer look.
the fossil he uncovered was sent to the Royal Tyrrell Museum of paleontology.
they spent the next six years working on uncovering the beast within the 2,500-pound (1,100 kg) lump of earth.
after all that hard work, the finished result is now ready to be unveiled.
'If you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping,' said lead author Caleb Brown, a scientist at the Royal Tyrrell Museum where the creature is on display.
'it will go down in science history as one of the most beautiful and best preserved dinosaur specimens - the Mona Lisa of dinosaurs.'
by studying its skin, researchers found that this plant-eater, though covered in armor and resembling a walking tank, likely faced a significant threat from meat-eating dinosaurs.
the heavily armoured dinosaur used red and white camouflage to hide from predators, and employed a shielding technique known as counter-shading, which is also used by many modern-day animals.
this would have allowed it to better blend into its surroundings and evade its enemies, experts say, suggesting it was preyed on by larger dinosaurs.
the 110-million-year-old creature, part of the nodosaur family, first hit headlines in May and is now on view at the Royal Tyrrell Museum of Palaeontology.
researchers have now studied and named the beast Borealopelta markmitchelli after museum technician Mark Mitchell, one of a team who spent more than 7,000 hours painstakingly uncovering it.
the amazing preservation of the specimen made it possible for Dr Mitchell and an international team of scientists to document the pattern and shape of scales and Armour across its body.
they discovered countershading, a common method of defence in the animal kingdom, which means the top of the creature was darker than its underside.
although countershading is common, the findings come as surprise because Borealopelta's size far exceeds that of countershaded animals alive today.
it suggests the dinosaur was hunted by enough pressure meat-eating dinosaurs that evolution favoured concealment over confrontation as a means of survival.
but most contemporary animals that have countershading -- think deer, zebras or armadillos -- are much smaller and more vulnerable as prey, signaling that this nodosaur faced a real struggle to survive.
'Strong predation on a massive, heavily-armored dinosaur illustrates just how dangerous the dinosaur predators of the Cretaceous must have been,' said Brown.
chemical analysis of organic compounds in its scales also reveal that the dinosaur's skin would have been reddish brown.
scientists are continuing to study the animal for clues about its life, including its preserved gut contents to find out what it ate for its last meal.
they believe that when the dinosaur died, it fell into a river and was swept out to sea, where it sank on its back to the ocean floor.
at that time, Alberta was as warm as south Florida is today, and rivers and oceans likely spread far further inland than they do now.
'this nodosaur is truly remarkable in that it is completely covered in preserved scaly skin, yet is also preserved in three dimensions, retaining the original shape of the animal,' said Brown.
'the result is that the animal looks almost the same today as it did back in the Early Cretaceous.
you don't need to use much imagination to reconstruct it; if you just squint your eyes a bit, you could almost believe it was sleeping.'
the Cretaceous was a time when giant theropods, meat-eating dinosaurs that stood on two legs, roamed the Earth.
although the king of them all, Tyrannosaurus rex, lived millions of years after Borealopelta, the armoured dinosaur may have been hunted by some of its formidable ancestors.
they include Acrocanthosaurus, a 38ft (11.5m) long monster weighing six tonnes.
the scientists, whose latest findings appear in the journal Current Biology, believe Borealopelta was washed out to sea after it died and mummified in mud.
the creature was found by Shawn funk, when he was digging at the Millenium Mine near Fort McMurray in northern Alberta, Canada, on March 21, 2011.
according to the museum, it is the best preserved armoured dinosaur in the world, including skin and armour, and is complete from the snout to hips.
the creatures were around 18 feet (five metres) long on average, and weighted up to 3,000 pounds (1,300 kg).
it featured two 20-inch-long spikes which protruded from its shoulders.
the researchers believe that the this armored plant-eater lumbered through what is now western Canada, until a flooded river swept it into open sea.
but the dinosaur's undersea burial preserved its armor in exquisite detail.
the fossilised remains of this particular specimen are so well preserved that remnants of skin still cover bumpy Armour plates along the dinosaur's skull.
as Michael Greshko wrote for National Geographic, such level of preservation 'is a rare as winning the lottery.
the more I look at it, the more mind-boggling it becomes.
fossilized remnants of skin still cover the bumpy armor plates dotting the animal's skull.
its right forefoot lies by its side, its five digits splayed upward.
I can count the scales on its sole.'
in the Storm: pile-up on the A8: four injured
serious accident on Thursday evening on the A8: just shy of 30 vehicles were caught up in a mass collision.
there are numerous people injured, kilometre-long queues - and rubberneckers.
on the motorway between Stuttgart and Munich (A8), around 20 people were injured late on Thursday afternoon in a mass collision.
according to initial police information, just shy of 30 vehicles, among which were probably also lorries, had crashed into each other during a storm at around 5pm between the Adelzhausen and Odelzhausen junctions (in the rural district of Aichach-Friedberg).
no information is initially available about the precise number of injured people.
there are mild to moderate injuries, said a police spokesperson.
there was a big squad of rescue vehicles at the scene of the accident.
the A8 was completely closed in the direction of Munich.
a roughly 10-km long tailback formed in the direction travelling towards Munich.
as an AZ journalist reports, there were massive disruptions in the opposite lane as well - due to numerous rubberneckers.
the fire brigade noted down the registration numbers of the drivers, who are now expecting severe penalties.
shortly after 6.45pm, there was then a second accident on the A8, this time between Augsburg and Dasing.
a collision between a car transporter and a passenger car had occurred.
a rescue helicopter was underway to the scene of the accident.
Deutsche Bahn: Company trials "comfort check-in"
it is a moment that practically everyone has experienced at one time or another: without expecting it, you're sitting in the train asleep.
or one is buried deep in one's work and has just had a genius idea.
and then: bang.
the conductor comes and rudely awakens you, or tears the passenger from the midst of his workflow.
ticket inspection.
but the days of being interrupted will soon be over.
Deutsche Bahn is currently trialling conductorless ticket inspection.
one simply uses one's mobile to confirm that one has taken one's seat, thereby validating the ticket.
trial operations are currently running on two lines.
"If the service is well-received, we'll extend it.
it will then probably be available at the beginning of next year on many additional long-distance lines across Germany," said a spokesperson for the railway.
the railway is calling this conductorless ticket validation "comfort Check-in."
in order to use it, however, a few conditions must be met: you need a smartphone or a tablet.
and you have to have booked an online ticket - which most passengers do already anyway.
in addition, you have to have bought it over the Railway's app, the DB Navigator, which is the most convenient way to book a ticket in any case.
and lastly, you need a seat reservation.
for "comfort Check-in" works like this: you get on board the train and call up your ticket in "My Tickets."
the trial customers will then see a button for electronic validation.
the train attendants receive a notification on their mobile device saying that passenger X is onboard the train and has occupied booked seat Y.
if the train attendant comes to seat Y during ticket inspection, he knows that there is a passenger there with an already validated online ticket.
so you can carry on sleeping, working, doing nothing.
the "Check-in" has two advantages: one for customers, and one for the railway - which, in turn, should benefit passengers.
"Anyone who wants to travel in a relaxed fashion, without having his/her ticket inspected by our on-train staff, simply checks in him/herself in the DB Navigator.
this allows passengers to personalise their journey time in the train," says Michael Peterson, Director of Marketing at DB Fernverkehr.
a second plus: "And our employees will have more time than they currently do to see to the needs of individual customers."
anyone who travels by train a lot knows that, alongside delays and missing your train, ticket inspection is one of the biggest annoyances.
for often you yourself, or, in any case, one of your fellow passengers, doesn't have all the documentation on them that one needs to validate an online ticket.
either the credit card is missing, or the ID card, or some other document that one needs to show.
the result is endless discussions between the train attendant and passenger, which leads to a bad atmosphere in the compartment or wider area and delays in one's own ticket getting checked, and ultimately it takes away the conductor's time to see to other matters.
only a small number of trial customers can use the new service as of yet.
and only on the connections ICE 915, between Dortmund and Stuttgart, and ICE 912, between Stuttgart and Essen.
other train numbers on the same line have not yet been enabled.
how one activist came to learn the answer to the question: 'Whose Streets?'
on Aug. 9, 2014, Brittany Ferrell was shaken to her core.
just a day after arriving in New York City on a trip, the St. Louis native sat on the bed of an Airbnb she was renting, scrolling through Facebook on her phone.
she stumbled upon a post from someone from high school.
"the police just killed an 18 year old kid and he's still laying in the street," it read.
confused, noticing no one else on her feed had posted the information, she closed Facebook and opened Twitter.
a user with the handle @TheePharoah was being constantly retweeted onto her timeline.
the St. Louis-area rapper was live-tweeting the death of Michael Brown, an unarmed black 18-year-old killed by a white police officer in Ferguson, Mo.
he posted a picture of Brown's lifeless body stretched out in the street, where it would stay for four hours.
"This is wild," Ferrell thought to herself.
but death was nothing new for her and her community.
she put down her phone only to return later that evening to tweets about people gathering on Canfield drive.
there were photos of police tape and people yelling, and of a guy claiming to be Brown's father holding a sign that read, "Ferguson police just killed my unarmed son!"
she watched a live feed where a police officer stood in front of a group of protesters with a barking dog.
in another video, a different cop, she said, cocked his rifle and screamed, "I'll kill all you ... animals."
"'This is not usual,'" Ferrell recalled saying.
"'This isn't the type of murder that we've become used to and can call typical.'
in that moment I felt chills.
I was angry and crying."
she booked a return flight and went home the next day.
after landing at 11 p.m., she picked up her 6-year-old daughter from her dad's house and decided the two of them would head to Ferguson the next morning.
what happened, to Ferrell and to Ferguson in the following almost three years is the subject of a new documentary, "Whose Streets?," in theaters Aug. 11.
it's a tale of survival and protest, love and loss, strength and resilience from the vantage point of the people who live in the community and packed the streets demanding answers.
as Ferrell drove to Ferguson with her daughter, who was wearing a floral dress and matching crown, the two revisited a conversation they'd had countless times before that morning "about the black experience and black condition."
"You remember how I taught you about when black people had to fight for what they believed in?" she recalled saying.
"We're going to Ferguson right now because the police killed an 18-year-old boy and it wasn't right.
I couldn't not take her," Ferrell said later.
"This happening today is a culmination of ... that has happened in the past.
she needs to know it and see it and be raised in it.
she needs to be well developed in the area of not just activism and organizing but knowing the different layers of the black experience and the black condition and what we must do to get free, to free ourselves.
even if I'm fortunate enough to provide her an experience where she doesn't personally experience blatant racism, she is no different than the next black woman-child.
I feel like I would be doing her a disservice to shield her from that."
the first stop when they arrived in Ferguson was on South Florissant Road, a site across from the police department that became a campground of sorts as the activists awaited word of Officer Darren Wilson's eventual non-indictment.
there Ferrell and her daughter linked up with a local business owner who was making sack lunches.
they prepared bags and helped pass them out to protesters.
slowly, a new type of activism began to take shape for Ferrell.
"My activism completely transformed after Aug. 9," she said, noting that while an undergrad at the University of Missouri-St. Louis, she was president of the Minority Student nurses Assn. and focused on food justice and health disparities in black communities.
"I had no experience in organizing.
it all just came."
weeks later, Ferrell met Sabaah Folayan, one of the film's co-directors, during an evening demonstration.
Folayan said she and her director of photography Lucas Alvarado-Farrar "just wanted to document" what was happening.
a question came to Ferrell's mind: "Do you want to document or are you trying to find a story that you can exploit?"
that skepticism was informed by countless instances of people - often white - coming into a community to profit off its pain and resilience.
as Folayan explained in a recent interview, "We had heard that people who are born and raised in Ferguson were not having their voices centered, and we wanted to do it differently."
Folayan had already linked up with co-director Damon Davis, an area artist known for his activism around death row inmates.
his involvement endeared Ferrell to the project, along with six other locals the "Whose Streets?" team followed in the years after Brown's shooting.
"This documentary is not somebody speaking for us or speaking to us, it's us speaking," Davis said.
"That was the main thing for me, how these people will be represented, because that's how I will be represented."
while the goal wasn't to focus on Ferrell's experience - in an effort to show that the movement is "not about a messiah leader but a community coming together," Folayan said - she proved to be the most open of the film's participants.
as a result, "Whose Streets?" documents surprisingly personal aspects of Ferrell's life, like falling in love and marrying her wife.
"I felt like I was naked," said Ferrell, laughing about the first time she saw the finished product.
"But I understood that with doing this work and humanizing black folks, there has to be a level of vulnerability."
moreover, Ferrell's story reiterates and re-centers the role of black queer women in the broader Black Lives Matter movement.
two of the movement's three founders - who coined #BlackLivesMatter on social media in the aftermath of the 2012 killing of black teen Trayvon Martin - identify as queer.
"black queer women in leadership has sustained the movement overall," said Ferrell, "and that's because we're constantly at battle on multiple fronts.
Black queer women have to bear the brunt of it all."
Folayan agreed noting that "the movement is really upheld by black women and a lot of queer black women."
she insists, however, that "this is not some affirmative action type of thing" where Ferrell was chosen as the film's heart because of her identities.
"She was the person who was galvanizing this energy," she said.
"It's not a coincidence though she was on the front lines, because living life at those intersections as a black queer woman, you have so much on the line.
you can feel her energy through the screen."
meanwhile, back in Ferguson, the news cameras are long gone but fraught racial ties between the community and police persist.
Ferrell is on probation for 2½ more years for blocking a highway during a demonstration.
she describes the socio-political atmosphere of the area she calls home simply: "A mess."
still, she clings to a chant she's committed to memory since taking to Ferguson's streets a full three years ago.
"It is our duty to fight for our freedom.
it is our duty to win.
we must love and support each other.
we have nothing to lose but our chains."
from "dream" to "megalomania": TV readers discuss the Bit Galerie
the Bit Galerie is moving people although it is still far from being built.
but the idea of a shopping centre at the south end of the pedestrian zone has been splitting the population into those for and against since its first presentation in 2009.
there is barely anyone left indifferent to the matter.
the topic is also being discussed on our Facebook page, "Volksfreund Bitburg."
whereas some say of the Bit Galerie, "That would be a dream" (Anja Becker) or, "That would be really fantastic" (Nicole Schausten), from the other side we hear, "No-one needs that" (Siggi Betzen) or, put quite bluntly: "Megalomania!" (Lars Scholz).
whilst those in favour count on the gallery drawing more customers into the town, which would benefit the other businesses as well, opponents fear that the pedestrian zone will then be haemorrhaged.
in addition: The gallery is being planned for exactly the plot where the covered farmers' market is, where 13 direct sellers offer their products.
when construction begins, that will be the end of that.
the Galerie creators want to integrate a covered market into the new building - and, indeed, towards Beda Platz, with the possibility of sitting outside.
Simone Zimmer: "We have been shopping almost weekly in the covered market for years now.
principally our eggs, but also, always with great pleasure, the delicious cakes of our rural women.
we have also discovered the butcher's for ourselves.
we hope that also while the Galerie is being built, but above all after, there will be the chance to maintain this offering.
that's what they have in other cities too.
the small covered market in Frankfurt, in particular, is interesting."
Gerd Densing: "Whether direct sellers settle in a covered market in the gallery depends on the level of the rent.
but that is not exactly likely to be low for the new project."
Eva Kilic: "Why a shopping palace in Bitburg?
whether clothing, shoes, drug stores or supermarkets: I find it unnecessary.
there are plenty of those in our city already.
one sees, though, how many shop premises stand empty here - some for months and years.
however, since there is not even a regular weekly market here, it is all the more important that we at least get to keep the covered market.
for after all, the goods on offer there are fresh, are largely offered directly by the producer, and are good value to boot.
as you see, shop premises in shopping centres are only rented by big companies, because the rents there are often not tenable for retail traders.
shame - there are hardly any specialist shops left any more and those that are still around will then probably also disappear."
wolf Fandel: "A shopping centre with a covered market doesn't match up for me.
and the Galerie doesn't suit Bitburg.
in particular: Where should the covered market go while construction is ongoing?
the old Edeka would be the solution - even in the long term, if the Bit Galerie does actually arrive eventually.
or is the spectre of the Bit Galerie managing even ahead of time to drive all businesses out of Bitburg?"
George Marquet: "It simply will not work.
and a shopping centre that stands empty - no-one needs that either.
in my opinion, it would be better to support a proper farmers' market, instead of this Galerie.
but there is no space left for a covered market thanks to the crazily large number - as I see it - of pointless construction projects in Bitburg
if the covered market is destroyed, then another piece of culture will disappear."
a Becoming Resemblance: artist creates portraits using Chelsea Manning's DNA
in the center of the room at New York's Fridman Gallery are multiple faces - white, black and brown, each bearing an almost imperceptible resemblance to one another - suspended on wires from the ceiling.
the 30 portraits were created by the artist Heather Dewey-Hagborg from cheek swabs and hair clippings sent to her by Chelsea Manning.
manning sent the clippings from the Fort Leavenworth prison, where the former intelligence analyst was serving a 35-year sentence after famously leaking classified diplomatic cables through the website WikiLeaks.
the new exhibition, which opened on 2 August, is titled A Becoming Resemblance.
it's the product of two years of correspondence between Dewey-Hagborg, whose discipline combines her expertise in technology, computer science and art, and Manning, a trans woman and pioneering dissident whose sentence was commuted by Barack Obama when he had just three days left in office.
by algorithmically analyzing DNA extracted from manning and using it to create 30 portraits of what someone with that genomic data might look like, Dewey-Hagborg has created a trenchant, if somewhat cerebral, commentary on not only the malleability of DNA data - the many ways it can be interpreted, and the inherent determinism of those interpretations - but also identity.
manning, who was born Bradley Edward but has spoken openly about identifying as a woman as early as adolescence, was convicted in 2013 on 20 charges, including six espionage Act violations, computer fraud and theft.
from prison, her image was repressed, so much so that there was just one photo - a granular, black-and-white selfie in which Manning, visibly uneasy, sits in a driver's seat wearing a platinum blonde wig - with which she became associated.
in 2015, Dewey-Hagborg was coming off the massive success of her 2012 project, Stranger visions.
in it, the artist produced portraits of strangers from forensic artifacts like cigarette butts and chewing gum, extracting DNA from the detritus to conjure an image of what these folks might look like.
that was when she received an email from Paper magazine.
"They were conducting an interview with Chelsea manning while she was in prison and they wanted some kind of portrait to accompany that article," Dewey-Hagborg explained at a press preview of the new exhibition.
and she couldn't be visited and she couldn't be photographed at that time, so they reached out to Chelsea and asked if she'd be interested in having a DNA portrait made.
the artist and her incarcerated muse became unlikely pen pals, exchanging several letters over the course of two years.
they even created a comic book, suppressed images, illustrated by Shoili Kanungo, that envisioned a future where the president would commute Chelsea's sentence and she'd be able to see the exhibition in person.
that Obama would indeed call for Manning's release just days after the book went public was a welcome sort of serendipity after seven brutal years at a military prison in Kansas.
there's also something profound and powerful about the exhibition opening now, as Donald Trump wages war on government leakers and transgender troops while finding new, tweetable ways to further inflame the stark divisions he's been called on to mend.
when asked about the peculiar timing of it all, Dewey-Hagborg said that "things happen for a reason."
in an artist statement written on the gallery's wall, Manning's super-sized signature below it (the "I" in her last name dotted with a heart), called for an end to the "automatic factionalism that gender, race, sexuality, and culture have been the basis of."
on the opposite wall is her mitochondrial DNA sequence - a centipede of CS and Gs and as, written in pencil.
by including the 200 letters (or nucleotides, per the artist's sophisticated scientific lexicon), Dewey-Hagborg hoped to illustrate how astoundingly similar, at least in biological makeup, we all are.
"What I'm hoping that people will take away from this is that our genome doesn't care about who we are, and how open genetic data is to interpretation, how subjective it is," said Dewey-Hagborg, whose 2007 video work, spurious memories, is also on display.
"DNA data can tell so many different stories, so this is 30 of those stories."
the final piece in the exhibition, which is contained in a single room, is one page from the aforementioned graphic novella.
it shows Manning, emerging, King Kong-esque, from the United States Disiplinary Barracks with a speakerphone in hand.
"When they chill your speech, then they've won," it reads.
"so never shut up."
"It came directly from a letter that she wrote to me," the artist, who hails from Philadelphia, said.
"I get goosebumps still talking about it."
manning hasn't seen the exhibition in-person yet - as was so presciently imagined in the comic book - but when she does, she'll be greeted in the center of the room by the masks, her own genomic simulacra congregated like hordes of protesters.
that was purposeful, too, as is everything in the exhibition, down to the height (5"2, Manning's stature) at which her genetic haplogroups were written in pencil.
"in the past, I've had them on the wall but I wanted them to feel like a crowd," Dewey-Hagborg said of the portraits.
"I wanted it to feel like a mass movement that was forming with Chelsea, like the movement that was behind freeing her as well."
northwestern Professor and Oxford University employee Wanted for homicide
a nationwide manhunt is underway for a Northwestern University professor and an Oxford University employee who are wanted as suspects after a man was found fatally stabbed inside a luxury Chicago apartment, police said.
on Monday, first-degree murder warrants without bail were issued for Wyndham Lathem, 42, and Andrew Warren, 56, for their alleged involvement in the death of Trenton H. James Cornell-Duranleau, Cook County court records show.
the documents say Cornell-Duranleau, 26, died after being stabbed multiple times.
a community alert released by the Chicago Police Department says the body was discovered on July 27.
officers received a call and arrived at the Grand Plaza apartments and found the victim with several lacerations on his body.
Cornell-Duranleau was pronounced dead on the scene and detectives are investigating the stabbing as a homicide while police actively search for the two suspects, officials said.
Lathem has been an associate professor of microbiology and immunology at Northwestern University since 2007.
Alan K. Cubbage, the vice president for university relations, said in an emailed statement that Lathem is now on administrative leave and has been banned from entering Northwestern University campuses.
"This is now a criminal matter under investigation by the appropriate authorities, and Northwestern University is cooperating in that investigation," Cubbage said.
Warren is a senior treasury assistant at Oxford University.
a spokesperson for the university and Somerville College said in an emailed statement that, "We have been in contact with the police in the UK and are ready to help the US investigating authorities in any way they need."
the statement added that Warren's colleagues were shocked and want him to turn himself in.
chief Communications Officer of the Chicago Police Department Anthony Guglielmi said he strongly encourages the suspects to surrender to authorities.
"police have an idea of their whereabouts but our efforts to locate that are intensifying," Guglielmi said.
Guglielmi said local, regional and national authorities are helping find the suspects.
Guglielmi said police received a call from the Grand Plaza building manager who had just received a cryptic tip that said something had occurred in apartment 1008.
police described the scene as very gruesome.
Guglielmi said it is unclear if the incident also occurred on July 27.
Lathem and Warren were confirmed to be at the building by security cameras, he said.
"We believe Professor Latham and the victim had a relationship," Guglielmi said.
the management team at Grand Plaza released a statement to residents saying, "Police are currently working on the timeline and background of the victim and are exploring a variety of motives, including a possible domestic incident."
"we'll complete WADA roadmap in near future" - Russian Deputy PM Mutko
Russian Deputy Prime Minister Vitaly Mutko has said it will not take long to implement the remaining World Anti-Doping Agency (WADA) criteria for the reinstatement of the Russian Anti-Doping Agency (RUSADA).
"a certain stage of fulfilling the road map criteria has been carried out, RUSADA obtained the right to plan and test in cooperation with UKAD (UK Anti-Doping).
the WADA roadmap was updated in this regard," Mutko stated on Thursday.
the PM was commenting on the second part of WADA's Roadmap to Code compliance, which describes the criteria for the reinstatement of RUSADA and which recently published on the organization's website.
according to Mutko, it does not contain anything that could cause concern for Russia.
"everything has been announced, everything will be implemented.
and the results will be presented to the International Olympic Committee [IOC] and WADA in the near future," he added.
one of the criteria mentioned in the list, however, states that Russian anti-doping authorities must publically accept the reported outcomes of the WADA-sanctioned investigation by Canadian lawyer Richard McLaren on alleged state-sponsored doping in Russian sport.
referring to the matter, Mutko said: "We are conducting the investigation, as our anti-doping system admitted a failure.
all measures have been implemented.
but there were no state programs, and we will not admit something that didn't exist."
Mutko's words echoed those of Vitaly Smirnov, the head of Russia's Independent Public Anti-Doping Commission.
talking to Russian outlet RSport earlier in the day, Smirnov admitted past problems in Russian anti-doping bodies, but added: "We have said on numerous occasions, that the report contains controversial positions and regulations.
no one plans to accept this report unconditionally," Smirnov added.
RUSADA was suspended from carrying out doping controls within Russia by WADA in November 2015 in the wake of the doping scandal.
it was, however, permitted to plan and coordinate testing under the supervision of international experts and UK Anti-Doping (UKAD) this June.
following a visit to the organization's headquarters in Moscow in July, WADA Director General Olivier Niggli stated that RUSADA is "moving in the right direction" to be reinstated.
Aldi is selling no more eggs for the time being
this was announced by the corporate group.
it is a purely precautionary measure, and beyond that, no adverse effects on health can be assumed, said the announcement.
with immediate effect, only eggs that have been proven to test negatively for fipronil-containing anti-lice agent may be delivered to Aldi.
with the move, Aldi wanted to create clarity and transparency for its customers.
the start-ups that will help your company avoid becoming the next Uber
Amy Errett wanted to gauge employee happiness at her e-commerce start-up, but surveys weren't working.
responses were often vague, unhelpful or, worse, deceitful.
and even if she promised anonymity, some workers didn't trust the process.
"It just never had consistency and objectivity," said Errett, who runs the 75-person San Francisco e-commerce hair care company Madison Reed.
so she called in outsiders for help.
a new breed of human resources start-ups is cropping up to help companies figure out how their employees feel.
by building and licensing software that has the specific purpose of measuring employee engagement, they allow companies to do snap polls, target specific teams and demographic groups, offer employees anonymity and complaint hotlines, and in some cases allow whistle-blowers to bypass C-Suite executives and go straight to the board of directors.
"You've now got tools such as Strava and Fitbit for tracking your health, but where's the Fitbit for your company?" said Jim Barnett, co-founder and chief executive of Redwood City start-up Glint, whose software analytics tools are used by companies to measure employee engagement.
Errett said she gained more insight into what her employees were thinking and feeling in three years using Glint.
in addition to the snap surveys and polls of specific teams, it offers a heat map of the company showing at a glance which units have the most complaints and which managers have low approval scores - allowing her to drill down on why.
companies are coming to realize they must stay on top of their workplace culture, lest they become the next Uber, which has been enmeshed in scandal since a former employee published a blog post describing an environment of harassment where those who spoke out were punished.
for start-ups such as Glint, this desire for oversight is a lucrative business opportunity.
the global governance, regulation and compliance industry could be worth more than $118.7 billion by 2020, according to finance tech insights website Let's Talk Payments.
Denver, Colo., start-up Convercent, which helps companies prevent and detect bad behavior, saw an uptick in interest and activity earlier this year amid Uber's fall into disrepute.
Convercent has nearly 600 clients, including Airbnb, Microsoft, and Tesla.
Uber recently signed up as a client.
like Glint, Convercent lets companies send customized "pulse" surveys, gather confidential responses in real time, and view heat maps of its problem areas.
it also offers an anonymous texting hotline that lets employees report bad behavior.
and if the chief executive is implicated, complaints go straight to the board of directors.
"the court of public opinion has usurped regulators," said Patrick Quinlan, the founder and chief executive of Convercent.
if a company is found to treat its employees poorly or behave unethically, even if regulators don't step in, it can face costly consequences from consumer boycotts, employee attrition and lawsuits, Quinlan said.
Ruby Tuesday, the restaurant chain with more than 25,000 employees across 500 locations, has used Convercent for more than a year to ensure employees are aware of policies and procedures and offer an easy way to reach its corporate headquarters.
previously, if an employee wanted to report a problem, he or she had to find a phone number or email for corporate headquarters, lodge a formal complaint, and hope it was taken seriously.
it was often an intimidating and uncomfortable experience, said James Vitrano, Ruby Tuesday's general counsel, who said there was no good way of tracking employee complaints.
now that the company is using Convercent, though, problems that were previously hidden from executives who sat in offices cities or states away - such as discrimination, harassment or unfair wage practices - can be more quickly identified and addressed.
"I can get closer to that holistic, 360-degree view into the employment experience," said Vitrano, who oversees Ruby Tuesday's risk management group.
"And we're protecting our shareholders from employment litigation."
companies started taking ethics, values and employee engagement more seriously in 2002 after accounting firm Arthur Andersen collapsed because of ethical violations from the Enron scandal, Quinlan said.
but it wasn't until "social media came into its own" that companies realized they couldn't stop their dirty laundry from going viral online.
"Prior to using technology to monitor ethics, people used hope as a strategy," he said.
both Glint and Convercent offer their software as a service, charging companies recurring fees to use their products.
it's a business model and opportunity that has the approval of venture capital investors, who have propped up both start-ups.
Convercent raised $10 million in funding in February from firms such as Sapphire Ventures and Tola Capital, bringing its total capital raised to $47 million.
Glint secured $10 million in November from Bessemer Venture Partners, bringing its total funding to $60 million.
these investments hardly come as a surprise, given the interconnected nature of companies, culture and venture capital.
there's a growing body of research showing today's employees expect more from their workplaces than before.
in competitive markets such as Silicon Valley, high salaries and interesting projects are merely table stakes.
employees want to feel that they're accepted and valued and that they're giving their time to a company with a positive mission.
"When people are happy to be at a company, feel their voices are heard, and that the work they are doing is rewarding, they are more committed to making that company successful," said Nina McQueen, vice president of global benefits and employee experience at LinkedIn, which uses both Convercent and Glint.
investors achieve returns when their portfolio companies do well; companies do well when employees are committed and engaged.
if third-party analytics tools promise to increase employee commitment and engagement, it's no wonder they're finding backing.
having data on employee engagement is important, according to workplace culture experts.
but the data are useless unless a company's custodians take action.
in fact, if a company asks employees for their feedback, it can set an expectation that change is on the way.
and if change doesn't come fast enough, or at all, it can breed disappointment and make employees disengaged.
"If you're going to ask for 4,000 suggestions, you need to be prepared to have 4,000 conversations," said Russell Raath, president of consulting at business management firm Kotter International, who has seen companies make the mistake of relying too much on data collection.
"because if you don't follow through, employees will wonder, 'Did you really hear me?
do you care?
and if you don't care, why should I care?' "
Madison Reed, which now does monthly employee surveys, has been able to take action the same day a problem is reported on Glint, according to Errett.
and, after gathering feedback from employees frustrated by the speed of decision-making and the quality of communication, she was able to reorganize several teams within the company and add communication training to address the issues.
over at Ruby Tuesday, the company is getting new insight on its employees, and it's hoping that in the long run, this will convert to better retention of workers in an industry known for high turnover.
"If you're not committed to creating a culture of transparency, you're going to lose people," Vitrano said.
"And if you lose people, you're going to lose customers.
and when you lose customers, you're going to lose companies."
the NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices makes for a long day for the Bruins
it's pushing 11 p.m. as a throng of UCLA football players linger to chat on one side of the team's new on-campus practice fields.
some have peeled off their jersey tops, revealing backs slick with sweat from the toil of the first day of training camp.
for a good chunk of the team, these idle minutes constitute a midday break.
players enrolled in summer classes will head back to their dorms after the three-hour practice to study for final exams before returning to the Wasserman Football Center for meetings at 6:30 the following morning.
"This is a grind for these guys the next three days," Bruins coach Jim Mora said not long before Monday turned into Tuesday.
the NCAA's elimination of two-a-day practices, designed to lighten the load on players, has actually lengthened their days - at least until finals end Friday.
that's why UCLA's first three practices were scheduled to begin at 7:15 p.m. to accommodate players' already crammed schedules.
the trade-off from no two-a-days is more one-a-days, the Bruins pushing up the start of camp nearly a week from last season and holding practices during summer school for the first time during Mora's six seasons in Westwood.
they are scheduled to hold 18 practices through Aug. 20 before beginning formal game preparations for their opener against Texas A&M on Sept.
Mora said he supported the NCAA's rule change even if it did add another item to players' busy itineraries.
"We're putting this enormous load on them for three or four days and it's very challenging," Mora said.
"And they've just pushed through it; they grind, they're great kids.
I think once we get to Saturday and we'll have more time, it will really be great."
UCLA will close its practices once camp is finished, no easy task given the clear sight lines of its fields from an adjacent parking lot and the adjoining Luskin Center, an upscale hotel that has already been pelted with footballs that cleared a protective net behind a goalpost.
Bruins players are scheduled to occupy the hotel beginning this weekend, but Mora acknowledged that there could be an issue once those rooms are vacant during the season.
"We will have security," Mora said.
"That is a real concern and it's not far-fetched to think that people can rent a room and sit up there and videotape a practice.
if you have videotape of a practice, it's a pretty good deal.
but we'll have security there and we'll have security up in parking lot 8.
we'll do the best we can with what we got.
I'm not going to worry too much about it.
we have a plan in place."
Facebook to step up fact-checking in fight against fake news
Facebook is to send more potential hoax articles to third-party fact checkers and show their findings below the original post, the world's largest online social network said on Thursday as it tries to fight so-called fake news.
the company said in a statement on its website it will start using updated machine learning to detect possible hoaxes and send them to fact checkers, potentially showing fact-checking results under the original article.
Facebook has been criticized as being one of the main distribution points for so-called fake news, which many think influenced the 2016 U.S. presidential election.
the issue has also become a big political topic in Europe, with French voters deluged with false stories ahead of the presidential election in May and Germany backing a plan to fine social media networks if they fail to remove hateful postings promptly, ahead of elections there in September.
on Thursday Facebook said in a separate statement in German that a test of the new fact-checking feature was being launched in the United States, France, the Netherlands and Germany.
"in addition to seeing which stories are disputed by third-party fact checkers, people want more context to make informed decisions about what they read and share," said Sara Su, Facebook news feed product manager, in a blog.
she added that Facebook would keep testing its "related article" feature and work on other changes to its news feed to cut down on false news.
building a graphic novel: A Castle in England's story
in its recent past, the diminutive Scotney Castle has featured in a Squeeze music video and been a bolthole for Margaret Thatcher during the 1970s and 1980s.
but Scotney has witnessed 700 years of tumultuous history from its cosy seat in Bewl River valley in Kent, now inspiration for a graphic novel written by Jamie Rhodes, a mop-haired Yorkshireman with a penchant for historical documents.
"I find it so beautiful to look at the handwriting of someone who has been dead for 300 years," he says wistfully.
"What a personal connection, to hold that letter in my hand."
spanning the middle ages to the Edwardian era, A Castle in England documents the families that lived in Scotney, with each story illustrated by a different, upcoming UK artist - Isaac Lenkiewicz, Briony May Smith, William Exley, Becky Palmer and Isabel Greenberg.
it is not Rhodes's first book based on an archive: he also wrote 2014's Dead Men's teeth and Other stories, a collection inspired by documents in the British Library - a project he found unexpectedly emotional.
"I welled up at just the thumbprint on the side of a letter, written by a double agent in the 1700s who was working for the Jacobites," he says.
"That's his thumbprint!
and letters always smell like smoke because, back then, you lit a fire for light.
to someone 300 years in the future, the smell makes it feel like they're there, too.
Ah, I love archives!"
for someone so smitten with old papers, getting support from the National Trust and Arts Council England and living in a castle for almost four months ("I overstayed my welcome a little bit, to be honest") seems too good to be true.
Rhodes spent his days exploring the Victorian "new" castle, going through the archives and studying the manor's many treasures and curios, such as the mounted hyena heads on the walls and bottles that had spent centuries in the moat.
he wandered the grounds and the ruins of the old castle, talking to Rangers, gardeners and sometimes the artists at work on his book's illustrations.
then at night, he'd "drink Whiskey and get writing."
the intimate history of Scotney is relatively unknown, as the National Trust had only gained full access in 2006 when the final heir, Elizabeth Hussey, died.
when Rhodes arrived a decade later, staff were only starting to tackle the archive, which he describes as "hundreds of years of aristocrats going: 'Oh, stick it in the loft'."
diaries, letters from the days of the English empire, maps outlining who owned what: "You'd think land disputes would be boring," says Rhodes, "but there was this one birch tree two families were fighting over.
just let it go, guys!"
some of the stories in the collection use the castle as a jumping-off point to delve more broadly into English history, including The Labourer, which follows a man who leaves the newly built castle to join the 1381 Peasants' revolt.
"There is a record of a riot happening at the castle in 1380, in this book called the Knightly Families of Kent and Sussex," says Rhodes.
"the Peasants' Revolt started in that area and I thought, a riot is a good place to start.
maybe the two are connected?"
other stories are rooted firmly in the history of the castle - such as The Priest, which tells the tale of the Jesuit priest whom the Darrell family hid for seven years during the English Reformation.
or The smuggler, which features 18th-century contrabander Arthur Darrell, who is thought to have staged his own funeral by filling a coffin with rocks (a discovery made years later when his coffin was unearthed).
the Darrells are Rhodes's favourite Scotney Family: "The gentlemen seemed to be quite roguish, always getting into debt and spending money on things they couldn't afford.
different generations of Darrell men solved their debt crises by marrying rich old women - I imagine them as a bunch of handsome guys, with a knack for wooing heiresses."
with his assignment in the castle over, Rhodes is on the hunt for other singular writing experiences.
he has completed a two-week stint in the Finnish wilderness for a graphic novel about Elämänmäki, the site of an early 20th-century sanatorium that has since been reclaimed by nature.
but Scotney holds a special place for him.
"I was sad to leave," he says.
"It was like: 'Ah, I've got to go deal with fucking real life now.'"
campaign launched: over 300-year-old Lady Chapel in Rhöndorf encased
by encasing the 301-year-old Lady Chapel in Rhöndorf, the town of Bad Honnef launched their campaign to introduce a new umbrella brand (Thursday's Rundschau).
Mayor Otto Neuhoff and his marketing team, led by Nelson Artz, want to keep the logo and slogan a secret still, until Thursday.
at the end of August, as the climax of the campaign, there is to be a festival on the island of Grafenwerth.
"too beautiful for us,
are you?" The campaign authors have been asking this, on posters on the Rhöndorf chapel, since yesterday.
"We don't really think that (of course!)," they write on their website, activated yesterday.
"But we are using this initiative to get your attention.
and to bring home that some things are better than they seem.
in actual fact, we are firmly convinced that we, as residents of Bad Honnef, are well aware of the beauty and attractiveness of our town."
the initiative is about more than "just" a logo and a slogan, it continues.
"a stand-alone pledge has to be formulated, one that lends the town an unmistakable unique selling point."
ultimately, it is in competition with other municipalities.
the town of Bad Honnef has given itself a moderate five-figure amount for the costs of its new umbrella brand and the campaign.
military reform in Turkey - Erdogan's fear of the army
every year in Ankara at the beginning of August, the highest military council (YAS) advises on retirements and promotions in the officer corps.
so too this week.
at first glance, a normal procedure.
but nothing is routine in the Turkish armed forces one year after the coup attempt.
the meeting was no longer held in the general staff building as previously, but rather in the Prime Minister's official residence.
taking part in the discussions chaired by the head of government were now also the five vice premiers, as well as the ministers for defence, the interior, justice, and foreign affairs.
the civilians were thus in the majority in the YAS.
the government is tightening the reins on the military.
chief of Staff Hulusi Akar remains in office, but the commanders of the army, the air force and the marines were removed.
since the failed coup, head of state Erdogan has fired 169 of the 326 generals and admirals.
over 10,000 soldiers were removed from the ranks of the army - mostly due to alleged connections to the movement of exiled preacher Fethullah Gülen, whom Erdogan sees as the mastermind behind the coup attempt.
as of this week in Ankara, trials are being held against 486 people who are said to have been directly involved in the coup attempt.
already on the day after the coup, Erdogan described the attempt at overthrow as a "gift from God," since it gives him the opportunity to "completely cleanse" the armed forces.
but does Erdogan really have control over the Army?
at the end of February, the newspaper "Hürriyet" published an article with the headline "Unease in the military headquarters."
there are concerns among the general staff of an increasing "Islamisation" of the army, which manifests itself, among other ways, in the lifting of the headscarf ban for female soldiers, wrote the paper.
the big clean-up of the army and the security forces is continuing anyway.
in the middle of July, Erdogan fired, by decree, an additional 7395 public servants, among whom were 2303 policeman and 546 soldiers.
in doing so, it seems as if Erdogan has tamed the military.
previously, the generals were deemed the true authorities in the country.
three times they staged a coup, invoking their role as guardians of the secular state order.
after an election victory in 2002, Erdogan has been pushing back the strength of the military bit by bit, not least by invoking the reform guidelines of the European Union.
former officers say that Erdogan is purposefully promoting Islamisation of the armed forces.
in the magazine "Vocal Europe," an unnamed officer, who sought asylum abroad after the attempted coup out of fear of persecution, warned that the Turkish army would be "full of extremists and Salafists" in a few years.
if that is true, Nato would not be able to be indifferent to such a development.
in any case, after the purges, there is doubt in the alliance concerning the Turkish army's readiness for action.
the governance structures and operational capabilities are "weakened," say Nato diplomats.
Washington Changes the Green Card Rules
there is going to be new US immigration plan to modify Green Card rules, President Donald Trump said, quoted by the media.
it envisages reducing legal immigrants to 50,000 per year, stricter rules for obtaining temporary work visas and restrictions on family-oriented visas.
the new rules are proposed by the Republicans and are supported by the president.
the draft law is due to be discussed in the two chambers of Congress.
"This law will reduce poverty, raise wages and save billions of dollars for taxpayers, and will do this by changing the way the US issues Green Cards to citizens from other countries.
the law will reduce chain migration and replace the current scheme.
this new application process will benefit candidates who speak English, have financial resources to support themselves and show skills that will benefit our economy," said Trump, quoted by the American media.
Minister wants line renovated for Rennsteig shuttle
in recent months, there have been constant arguments about the future of the Rennsteig shuttle - now it is said to be moving very quickly.
there are plans to build on the dilapidated stretch of track, on which the tourist trains travel, before the end of the year still.
in order to ensure the long-term future of the Rennsteig shuttle, construction works should begin on the line this year already, according to reports from the Ministry of transport.
"in taking the decision to continue to commission and to renovate the Ilmnau-Rennsteig line, the state acknowledges that this is an important connection, above all for tourism," stated Transport Secretary Klaus Sühl on Friday in Erfurt.
he estimated the costs for the repairs to the line to be around 2.5 million euros.
the state is taking on 75 per cent of this amount.
the contract, on the basis of which, the shuttle is to be commissioned by the state in the future as well, is currently being finalised, explained Sühl.
the ministry and Süd-Thüringen Bahn, as operators, are said to already be in agreement over the technical details.
"the timetable, the vehicles used and the quality standards have thus been negotiated," said Sühl.
the planned contract between the ministry and the train company is being concluded for a period of eleven years.
the Rennsteig shuttle should therefore be commissioned as normal from December 2017.
the Rennsteig shuttle is a train connection between the stations of Ilmenau and Rennsteig, beloved above all by tourists.
in past months, as part of a pilot operation, there were tests to see whether the line gets used by a large enough number of people for it to continue to be commissioned as normal in the future.
the line is very run-down in places.
the rise of sex robots is real, and we should be concerned
just when you thought 2017 couldn't get any weirder along comes a new report on the technological developments in the sex robot sector.
Yep.
sex robots are a big deal right now.
recently, the Foundation for Responsible Robotics (FRR) released a report looking at the development of sex robots over the next five to 10 years.
according to Noel Sharkey, emeritus professor of robotics and artificial intelligence at the University of Sheffield and co-founder of the FRR, we need to start taking their rise seriously.
customers can choose the robot's eye colour, nipple shape and fingernail type.
"People snigger about them, but the companies are actually shipping quite a lot and we are going to see them a lot more," Mr Sharkey said at the launch of the new report.
modern sex dolls have evolved out of their blow-up counterparts into robots with a silicon skin that is warm to the touch - with deliberately human-like responses achieved by artificial intelligence.
the user can also "customise" their robot to suit their persuasions, choosing everything from the robot's eye colour, nipple shape to fingernail type or colour.
but it gets even more disturbing, with many of the robots possessing "personalities" that would make a Stepford Wife look progressive.
modern sex dolls have evolved into robots with a silicon skin.
the RealBotix robot, for example, allows users to customise their robots according to the traits they find appealing, such as shyness.
then there are the Roxxxy Gold sex robots, developed by True companion, which come with pre-programmed personalities, including "Frigid Farrah" that gives the impression of shyness and "Wild Wendy" with an "adventurous" personality.
"Roxxxy Gold has a personality which is matched as much as possible to your personality," the True companion website enthuses.
so she likes what you like, dislikes what you dislike, etc.
she also has moods during the day just like real people!
she can be sleepy, conversational or she can 'be in the mood'!"
there are many disturbing aspects to the rise of sex robots - not least of which is the replacement of real, human relationships - but the subservient female traits, the rapey connotations of making a move on frigid (read: resistant) Farrah, are the most concerning.
on its website, True companion likened Roxxxy to a vibrator, but for men.
"If woman (sic) can have a vibrator, why can't men have a Roxxxy?" the website states.
however, these sex robots are not a mere fetish or just another sex toy.
their emergence and increasing sophistication points to something darker and deeper within our culture, a retreat from the ideal of gender equality toward a desire for sex with subjugation as an optional add-on.
most men, naturally, are not going to keep sex robots, and while the FRR noted their increasing popularity, they remain, for now, on the outskirts of consumer culture.
but what seeps in from the fringes can be highly instructive as to the tenor of the era we're living in.
and many people aren't weird or offensive until the free market gives them the permission to be so.
there is little coincidence that these sophisticated sex robots have emerged at a time when women's rights are under threat across the globe, when there is a president in the White House who has bragged about sexually assaulting women.
the most chilling aspect of the TV series The Handmaid's Tale isn't the graphic imagery, the noosed bodies and gouged eyes, but just how realistic that vision feels.
the Republic of Gilead is a leap, but, right now, it doesn't feel like a large one.
the aim behind these sex robots is to create as much of a physical likeness to actual women (albeit with porn star proportions) as technologically possible.
their creators want them to feel human to the touch, for them to mimic the movement of a real body.
but, pointedly, when it comes to their "personalities" the robots do not represent real women.
they cannot break up with their companion, or walk out.
they have no agency or back-story, nothing to suggest independence or anything that may disrupt the fantasy of total servitude.
they are pleasant slaves, in other words.
or to put it into 2017 parlance: handmaidens.
Trump's great feat?
making Mitt Romney seem the epitome of common sense
it has become a truism of the Trump era that the political divisions that have polarised the US electorate have, on a micro-scale, torn families apart.
around Christmas and Thanksgiving, newspapers in the US abounded with advice columns on how to deal with the horror of Trump-voting relatives.
we are all supposedly straining to burst our filter bubbles.
less remarked on is the power of Trump to bring families together.
I mention this because my cousin, a left-leaning poet who lives in Chicago and who's long been at loggerheads with Republicans in our family, has been visiting me in New York this week.
she reminded me that unity against a common enemy can have a powerful effect.
with Trump in the White House, everyone she knows, including the Republican sibling she had been bickering with about politics for decades, is suddenly and peculiarly on the same side.
around the dinner table this is surely a good thing; but it strikes me that, in a broader context, it carries significant risks.
the left has been invigorated by Trump, but the warping effect of his presidency has the power to push us all rightwards.
when we talk about "normalisation" and Trump, we are referring to the scary possibility that his antics may one day cease to appal.
there is an even scarier long-range scenario, however, in which what Trump "normalises" are rightwing Republicans who, held up against his standards, suddenly seem the epitome of reasonable.
I find myself actively nostalgic these days for Mitt Romney's quaint version of crazy - the dog on the car roof, the 14% income tax (but at least we knew what his tax return looked like) - both of which, compared to Trump, seem very mild offences indeed.
when Trump goes, the next Republican candidate will merely have to be sane to qualify as an immeasurable improvement.
while my cousin was in town, we took our kids to the carousel in Central Park, the biggest of the carousels run by the New York parks department, and the best three bucks you can spend in the city if you don't require caffeine.
the horses are thunderously huge, the fibre-glass designs on the central cylinder - all gurning clowns and animals twisting to look over their own shoulders in terror - utterly sinister, and the tinkling music oddly transporting.
so many of the cliches of a city disappoint: views from tall buildings get old, skylines grow too familiar to offer much of a thrill, and the reality of the city doesn't live up to the dream.
thirty-five years later and I'm still not entirely over the day I discovered Swiss cottage is not, in fact, a Swiss cottage - the theme pub, Ye Olde Swiss Cottage, doesn't count - but a large roundabout in north London.
the Central Park carousel, however, is still a weirdly magical experience, to the extent that two two-year-olds, an 11-year-old and two women in their 40s can go on it and all have a great time.
if I could have rated the carousel I would have given it full marks, but thankfully nobody asked.
in a department store this week, on the other hand, I was required, before swiping my credit card, to rate my transactional "experience" on a scale of one to five stars.
in the coffee shop at the corner of my street it's the same thing, plus the option to match the rating with a 15% tip - this for buying something over the counter.
the effect of this is not only to slow down what should be a neutral exchange, but to put pressure on the server to inject personality into a situation where none is required.
the poor woman in the department store stood grinning apologetically while, wearily, I gave the experience of handing her my credit card five stars.
Oscar Pistorius taken from jail to hospital with chest pains
this is the second time Pistorius has left jail for a hospital visit.
last year he was taken to the hospital for treatment to cuts on his wrists, which prison authorities said he sustained after falling in his cell.
Pistorius was convicted of murder after an appeal by prosecutors against an initial manslaughter verdict.
he killed Steenkamp in the early hours of Valentine's Day 2013 by shooting her multiple times through a toilet cubicle door at his Pretoria home.
Pistorius claimed he mistook his girlfriend for a nighttime intruder hiding in the cubicle.
prosecutors have announced their intention to appeal again, this time against Pistorius' six-year sentence, which they say is too lenient.
the National Prosecuting Authority said it will appeal to South Africa's Supreme Court, and the appeal could be heard this year.
Pistorius faces having his sentence increased to 15 years if prosecutors are successful.
there is no death penalty in South Africa.
when farmer Arnold found a curious egg
as the last amongst the schools in Blumberg, the fourth graders from Fützen and Epfenhofen were let go for the holidays and sent forth for secondary schools.
three of the graduating students will be going to the Gymnasium secondary school, and four to the Realschule.
school headteacher Angelika Sitte greeted parents and public representatives in the Biesental community centre in Epfenhofen on Tuesday evening.
as a symbol for the school graduation, the 29 students from the fourth grade, under the leadership of Sophia Schumacher and Regine Meder, chose an eagle that is growing up in the chicken yard, but will be then released into the wild.
added to this, the lively bunch performed a musical with the title "The Eagle in the Chicken Yard."
farmer Arnold found a curious egg and had his chickens Hatch it.
instead of a chick, a small eagle emerged.
yet hopes of making a chicken out of it were dashed; the eagle spread its wings out on a high mountain and vanished.
afterwards, grades three and four performed a chicken dance, staged by Yvonne frank.
the hens danced in competition with the young roosters, who were wearing top hats.
the eagle stands for integration, said headteacher Angelika Sitte.
the young animals may well be different from the other young animals (chicks), but belongs amongst them.
though it will never be like a chicken.
it is its destiny to be free.
she wished for every fourth grader that he/she would feel accepted in his/her new school.
there followed a word of thanks to her colleagues, the former headteacher Michael Müller, who is always filling in when there are teacher shortages, and the parent representatives.
the time as chicks is now over, explained class teacher Sophia Schumacher.
she releases her students only very reluctantly, after two years of teaching, for it has been a really fantastic time.
in the end, she was able to depend on the fourth graders.
to close, all the students raised a song, with Summertime and Holiday Time.
that brought out a lot of joy from the children.
there are already eight first graders registered for the new school year.
two Bulgarians Were Detained For Illegal Camping in Greece
two Bulgarians were detained for illegal camping in Greece, the Foreign Affairs Ministry announced, quoted by bTV.
a group of illegally camping people, including the two Bulgarians, was detained by the police in Sithonia in the morning of August 1.
the same day they were released, while an investigation is currently underway.
the ministry of foreign affairs reported bTV that Bulgarians were later released.
the Greek authorities have tightened control over free camping and are already imposing serious fines on anyone who is caught resting in a place not intended for the purpose.
checks will continue throughout the season.
the ministry said that the court may impose a fine.
software update for diesel vehicles: What those affected now need to know
how exactly is the software update taking place?
do diesel drivers have to take part in the initiative?
the most important questions and answers at a glance.
at the Diesel summit, BMW, Daimler, Opel and the VW Group offered software updates for around 5.3 million cars in total.
they are intended to improve exhaust emission properties for cars classed under Euro emissions standard 5, and, some under Euro 6.
euro 4 diesel or worse are excluded.
Anja Smetanin from ACE Auto Club Europa gives her assessment:
is the new initiative compulsory?
no, the brokered software updates are voluntary.
"the compulsory updates prior to this apply only to vehicles that have emissions test scamming software," says Anja Smetanin.
the Federal Motor Transport Authority (KBA) has ordered that they be retrofitted.
how and from when are customers being notified of updates?
the manufacturers have announced that there will be swift implementation in the coming months, but have not specified any precise deadline yet.
Daimler has advised those affected to write to them.
if an inspection is due anyway, this will be settled during the course of that.
how long are the retrofittings likely to drag on for altogether?
"difficult to say," says Smetatnin.
it depends on the commitment of the manufacturers and political pressure.
"for we have seen that thus far, car manufacturers have not been acting of their own accord when it comes to matters of the environment."
how long should the update last?
the retrofitting itself could last only three to four hours in the garage.
it could be more laborious getting an appointment.
what do car drivers do who don't drive a car by BMW, Daimler, Opel or the VW Group?
the ACE advises waiting.
foreign manufacturers would apparently follow suit, said Smetanin.
is there now the threat of a massive price collapse in Euro 4 cars?
the ACE fears that.
but just in those regions where there are threats of driving bans.
in rural areas, there have as yet been no drops in value for older diesel cars.
the ACE advises still waiting before selling.
LL Cool J receives Kennedy Center honours
the Kennedy Awards Gala is one of the most glamorous events in Washington.
the first honours ceremony under President Trump promises to get political.
one of the award winners does not want to come - out of protest.
LL Cool J (49) is the first rapper to receive one of the coveted awards of the renowned Kennedy Center.
as the cultural establishment announced on Thursday, singers Gloria Estefan (59) and Lionel Richie (68), as well as choreographer Carmen de Lavallade (86) and the TV producer Norman Lear (95) are also among those being honoured.
the awards are handed over at the beginning of December.
as is tradition, US President Donald Trump will host a reception and will take part in the presentation of awards, together with his wife Melania.
for this reason, the award-winner Lear, made famous by a series of TV shows, already announced that he would not be attending the gala.
he said to the "New York Times": "This presidency has decided to completely turn its back on the arts and human rights - even take funding away from them - and that upsets me."
the 59-year old Estefan stressed that she would use the conversation with Trump to make her point of view clear.
the Kennedy Center, named after former president John F. Kennedy, is the biggest cultural establishment in the US capital.
former prizewinners include Meryl Streep, Aretha Franklin, Robert De Niro, George Lucas, Tom Hanks and sting.
we're making the city liveable
Roland Wacker, municipal architect in Haslach, is going into retirement next year.
the post has already been advertised - suitable applicants, though, are few and far between.
Wacker has been municipal architect for 31 years.
and he still finds the work a lot of fun, as he conveys in the press meeting.
he reports of varied, but also demanding, tasks that await his successors.
at the same time, it surprises him that up until now no application has satisfied the job profile.
the city is looking for an architect or civil engineer at the earliest possible opportunity.
this should then allow enough time for induction training - observing usual notice periods.
as Haslach serves as the lower board of building regulations for the joint association of administrations, applicants have to hold appropriate qualifications.
for the town wants to maintain this role at all costs.
if it could no longer fulfil it, citizens would have to travel to Offenburg for advice.
but accessibility for citizens is important to the town and to him too, says Wacker, who reports of a good working atmosphere and a cheerful mood between authorities and citizens.
in more than 30 years in office, Wacker has amassed several significant projects that he looks back on with pride.
"We're making the city liveable," is something he is certain of, re: the building authorities and his colleagues.
but in the future too, there are diverse projects on the agenda: the redesign of a former Hukla plot and of the Niederhofen carpark, for example, have been initiated.
the Kinzig bridge between Bollenbach and Steinach is being renovated, and refurbishment of the stadium is still a topic.
the latter alone will cost as much as 1.5 million euros "if we do it properly," estimates Wacker.
"all in all, there are great tasks awaiting my successor.
the work here is fun."
there is a lot of scope for creativity for a municipal architect.
with Haslach's own building yard and garden nursery, there is a lot that can be responded too with a high level of flexibility.
"one can affect a lot," says Wacker, and the design of the green spaces is often mentioned with praise by citizens and visitors.
since the old town as a whole has protected building status, it is important "to have an eye for what fits in" if new buildings are approved, stresses the outgoing municipal architect.
in any case, the municipal architect bears a lot of responsibility.
he is master of construction: "In the end, everything here passes by my desk."
for support and coordination, he can count on years-old colleagues: Markus Neumaier (building construction) has been there ten years, Manfred Schöner (civil engineering), already 15 years.
Wacker also hopes that his successor will stay a long time: "We are looking for someone who really identifies with the post and wants to stay."
for continuity is important not only for a good working atmosphere, but also for the future design of the city.
anyone who wishes to take over from Roland Wacker should, according to the city of Haslach, be able to demonstrate completed studies as graduate engineer or a bachelors degree with a specialisation in architecture and should have good specialist knowledge in the fields of building regulations and planning laws.
the municipal planning and building control office is in charge of building construction and civil engineering, urban land-use planning, land acquisition affairs, management of municipal property, the municipal depot with building yard and city nursery, and the lower board of building regulations, including preservation of sites of historic interest.
bicycle thrown onto cables: southern railway closed
according to police, the as-of-yet unknown perpetrator had thrown the blue bicycle onto the cables from the railway track overpass in the area of Leobener Straße (B116).
these were so badly damaged in the course of this that the approaching freight train had to be stopped.
investigators are proceeding on the assumption that there were two male perpetrators and have been looking for them since last night.
a pink scooter and bicyclist were observed near to the scene of the incident by witnesses.
"This goes far beyond a roguish prank," said ÖBB spokesman Christoph Posch to the APA.
the perpetrator or perpetrators put themselves and the rail traffic in great danger.
in addition to the damage to the locomotive and facilities, as well as the time in delays and the costs for the rail replacement services, the perpetrators could also be faced with railway customers' penalty fees.
altogether, one can expect a "considerable" sum, said the spokesman.
the damage was repaired on Friday afternoon and the rail traffic on the southern railway stretch was able to be operated without obstructions.
almost ten passenger trains were cancelled on Friday afternoon, two of them were long-distance trains.
freight trains were not cancelled, although they were delayed.
according to ÖBB spokesman Christoph Posch, around 200 metres of overhead lines had to be replaced.
Insulators and masts were also damaged.
red meat, dairy, and chocolate could help relieve IBD
red meat and chocolate may sound like a nightmare for your digestive system.
but a new study claims quite the opposite: a diet rich in meat-based protein and dairy treats could help relieve symptoms of sufferers of inflammatory bowel disease.
the incurable condition, which affects around 1.3 million in the US and 300,000 in the UK, causes stomach cramps and bloating, recurring or bloody diarrhea, weight loss and extreme tiredness.
while sufferers are usually advised to dodge meat and dairy to soothe their symptoms, researchers at Washington University found protein's essential amino acid tryptophan helps develop immune cells that foster a tolerant gut.
lead investigator Dr Marco Colonna explained immune cells patrol the gut to ensure that harmful microbes hidden in the food don't sneak into the body.
cells that are capable of triggering inflammation are balanced by cells that promote tolerance, protecting the body without damaging sensitive tissues.
when the balance tilts too far toward inflammation, inflammatory bowel disease can result.
in experiments it was found a kind of tolerance-promoting immune cell appears in mice that carry a specific bacterium in their guts.
and the bacterium needs tryptophan - one of the building blocks of proteins - to trigger the cells' appearance.
professor Colonna said: 'We established a link between one bacterial species - Lactobacillus reuteri - that is a normal part of the gut microbiome, and the development of a population of cells that promote tolerance.
the more tryptophan the mice had in their diet, the more of these immune cells they had.'
he suggested if the same works in humans, a combination of L. reuteri and a tryptophan-rich diet may foster a more tolerant, less inflammatory gut environment.
postdoctoral researcher Dr Luisa Cervantes-Barraganwas studying a kind of immune cell that promotes tolerance when she discovered that one group of study mice had such cells but another group of the same strain but housed separately did not.
she suspected the difference had to do with the mice's gut microbiomes - the community of bacteria, viruses and fungi that normally live within the gastrointestinal tract.
the guts of the mice were DNA sequenced and it was found six bacterial species present in the mice with the immune cells but absent from the mice without them.
mice reared in a sterile environment so they lacked a gut microbiome and do not develop this kind of immune cell were given L. reuteri and the immune cells arose.
to understand how the bacteria affected the immune system, the researchers grew L. reuteri in liquid and then transferred small amounts of the liquid - without bacteria - to immature immune cells isolated from mice.
the immune cells developed into the tolerance-promoting cells.
when the active component was purified from the liquid, it turned out to be a byproduct of tryptophan metabolism known as indole-3-lactic acid.
when the researchers doubled the amount of tryptophan in the mice's feed, the number of such cells rose by about 50 percent but when tryptophan levels were halved, the number of cells dropped by half.
Dr Cervantes-Barragan explained people have the same tolerance-promoting cells as mice, and most of us shelter L. reuteri in our gastrointestinal tracts.
it is not known whether tryptophan byproducts from L. reuteri induce the cells to develop in people as they do in mice, but defects in genes related to tryptophan have been found in people with inflammatory bowel disease.
she said: 'The development of these cells is probably something we want to encourage since these cells control inflammation on the inner surface of the intestines.
potentially, high levels of tryptophan in the presence of L. reuteri may induce expansion of this population.'
Jose Mourinho thinks Manchester United have signed a 'genius' in Nemanja Matic
Manchester United have signed a "genius" in Nemanja Matic, believes Jose Mourinho, after the midfielder made his debut against Sampdoria on Wednesday evening.
the £40m signing from Chelsea started the 2-1 win in Dublin, United's final preseason game before the UEFA Super Cup against Real Madrid on Tuesday, and impressed in the holding role as the likes of Paul Pogba and Andreas Pereira marauded forward at will.
however, having been left out of the Blues' preseason tour of Asia, Matic was severely lacking match fitness and only managed 45 minutes, something Mourinho admitted needed to be improved before the start of the Premier League season.
"He needs time but his experience, intelligence, a genius in the way he thinks - he thinks football," Mourinho said.
"We will help him to be ready sooner rather than later."
as well as Matic, fellow new signings Victor Lindelof and Romelu Lukaku also started the game at the Aviva Stadium as Mourinho started to shape his starting XI for the start of the season.
the Independent revealed this week that Mourinho still wanted another three signings but he insisted that the club had already done a "fantastic job" of delivering three of his four priority signings.
"to get three out of four I thank the club for that," he added.
"I will be happier if they get me four of four but they did a great effort for me."
Boeing "paints" Dreamliner in the sky
the US aeroplane manufacturer Boeing has painted the silhouette of a Dreamliner in the sky.
the pilots departed from Seattle in the US state of Washington, but the outline began in Marquette in the US state of Michigan and drew the shape of a Dreamliner over the USA - that's thousands of kilometres.
the campaign lasted 18 hours and one minute.
the shape of a Dreamliner could be seen on radar screens.
the whole thing was an endurance test for new engines.
Boeing hat already carried out such a promotion before.
the number "787" was painted in the sky, along with the Boeing logo.
new low blow for Martin Schulz - Hanover, we have a problem
how the wind changes: when Sigmar Gabriel was still SPD leader, Social Democratic Prime Ministers always looked, with a certain alarm, to Berlin before elections.
no disturbances from party headquarters, no opposing winds from the state - that was the campaigners' biggest wish.
since Martin Schulz has been leading the party, that has fundamentally changed.
since then, employees from the Willy-Brandt house have been observing the events in the SPD-governed state capitals with growing horror.
what Schulz has got from there since the beginning of the year, you couldn't even begin to describe as an opposing wind.
those were low blows.
and one after the other at that.
after the surprising end to the red-green majority in Lower Saxony, the federal CDU sees a general sign of a move away from coalitions of SPD and Greens.
"This once again shows that Red-Green simply can't govern reliably," said CDU General Secretary Peter Tauber to Redaktionsnetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
the surprise resignation of a Green representative plunged the government of Prime Minister Stephan Weil (SPD) into a stark crisis.
five months ahead of the state elections, his red-green coalition thus lost their one-vote majority over the opposition made up of CDU and FDP.
the national head of the Greens, Michael Kellner, has called on defecting Green representative in Lower Saxony Elke Twesten to give up her seat.
the cross-over to the CDU represents a clear distortion of the voters' will.
Elke Twesten must immediately give up her seat," said national head and campaign leader for the Greens to RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
"It just can't be true," sighed an SPD campaigner, when the bad news reached party headquarters on Friday afternoon.
Stephan Weil, SPD Prime Minister of Lower Saxony, is left without a governing majority after the cross-over of Green representative Elke Twesten to the CDU.
it is the present crisis in a long line of big and small disasters in SPD state associations.
and no-one knows what is coming next.
the misery began with the unexpectedly decisive defeat in the Saarland election in March.
a black eye, no more, his comrades contented themselves at the time.
after the state elections in Schleswig-Holstein and North Rhine-Westphalia, everything was going to be different.
and it was too - in fact, everything was significantly worse.
the defeat in Kiel brought the SPD into a tailspin, and the Düsseldorf washout bowled the party clean over.
their peers then picked themselves up again in the weeks afterwards, with some effort.
then, just as they had regained new faith, came the G-20 summit in Hamburg.
and with that came the next low blow.
Mayor Olaf Scholz, the last strong SPD regional leader, lost his halo that weekend because he was sitting in the Elbe Philharmonic hall while his city was burning.
and because in the crisis talks afterwards, he pretty much did everything wrong that you can do wrong.
since then, Scholz has been fighting for his political survival.
and now Stephan Weil too.
thanks to the VW emissions scandal and his role on the supervisory board, the Lower Saxony Prime Minister had already been facing criticism for some time.
lousy poll results added to that.
despite that, or perhaps precisely because of that, Weil has been attempting ever more strongly in the last few weeks to make a mark in the federal government.
the former mayor of Hanover's attempts to build up his power in Berlin have not gone unnoticed by peers in Martin Schulz's entourage.
they used to let him do as he liked, since they expected Weil to be a stabilising force for the party.
now, just the opposite may happen.
in actual fact, Weil is not to blame for the Lower Saxony Greens' party-internal strife.
and Schulz is certainly not.
for the time being, therefore, their peers are taking pains to keep their ranks closed.
their anger is directed towards the Greens, and above all, at the defecting parliamentarian Twesten.
"It is unacceptable and harmful to democracy how Ms Twesten places her own career interests above the interests of all others," says Matthias Miersch, head of the left wing in the SPD parliamentary group, to RedaktionsNetzwerk Deutschland (RND).
MS Twesten was voted into parliament not for her person, as a direct candidate, but on a Lower Saxony Green Party ticket, continued the Lower Saxony member of parliament.
the logical conclusion would be for her to give up her seat.
Thomas Oppermann, head of the SPD parliamentary group, deplored the "undemocratic manoeuvre."
"the will of the voters four years ago was clear: the people made Stephan Weil Prime Minister," said Oppermann, who as frontrunner is leading the Lower Saxony SPD into the Bundestag elections, to the RND.
"Now the personal career notions of a future CDU representative is distorting the electoral result," continued Oppermann.
he called for light to be shed on the circumstances surrounding the matter.
I want to know whether there was anything more there, or if additional commitments were made to the Lower Saxony CDU.
grant money for Town Centre III
anyone who wants to renovate their outdated house will soon be able to get support from the state.
Mayor Albert Schindler and three representatives for STEG urban development provided information about this on Wednesday in Empfingen.
at the beginning of the information session, Schindler once more cast a glimpse back to what has been the case so far.
since 1991, there have been regeneration areas in Empfingen.
back then, in regeneration area I, from 1991 to 2004, the state of Baden Württemberg still took on two thirds of the grant amount.
from 2005 to 2016, in regeneration area II, the subsidy still lay at 60 per cent.
for Schindler, the refurbishments up until this point have been a "successful project" - it is ultimately important to support interior development too, and not only develop new construction areas.
on 4th April, word was received from Karlsruhe regional council that there will be a regeneration area III.
the grant amount is 833,333 euros, of which, 500,000 euros is to come from the federal state, the rest, from the municipality of Emfingen.
how does a regeneration area come about?
one will investigate, explains Schindler further, where the "truly old" houses are.
what also comes into play, however, is whether there is even any interest to renovate in the planned area at all.
if necessary, the area boundaries can also then be shifted again.
STEG was represented on Wednesday evening by Martin Keller, Gaby Pietzschmann and Sarah Gotzel.
Keller presented the content of the government and federal state "Soziale Stadt" programme, within whose scope the refurbishments would then be implemented.
the core of the programme is the revitalisation of town centres, the improvement of living and working conditions and preservation and expansion of infrastructure.
the measures would be implemented on a property-specific, that is, per-premises, basis.
the regeneration area would then ultimately be laid down as statute.
the appropriation period for the subsidies has been running from 1st January 2017 and will continue to do so until 30th April 2026.
first, however, stocktaking will be carried out until September of this year, as part of which, those with a stake in the regeneration area will receive a survey to fill out.
the resolution should preferably follow in November or December, so that refurbishments can be begun next year.
Pietzschmann then explained that every community must carry out the aforementioned preliminary studies.
it's about assessing the shortcomings in the urban design and deciding what will be renovated and to what extent.
a renovation comment will then be recorded in the land registry for each premises.
Pietzschmann will come to Empfingen again himself and get an idea of the location, he promised.
Gotzel stressed that the participation of those involved is an essential factor for the project's success.
that is why there will be surveys, which will be sent to citizens by post in the coming weeks and can be filled out until the end of the summer holidays.
the yellow survey is the "building and property survey," which is about, among other things, the structural condition and the intentions for refurbishment.
in the grey survey, the "budget and housing survey," information can be provided on the size, breakdown and residents of a living space.
the blue "business survey" is only filled out if business premises operate in the building.
it should be noted, however, Gotzel pointed out, that a filled-out survey is not at the same time an application for grant money.
what is more, new building initiatives are not eligible for funding.
Schindler also stressed that funding would be allocated on a "first-come, first-served" basis - the early bird gets the worm.
it is not possible to "reserve" grant money for later.
to conclude, photos of the "town Centre II" project were shown, to "sell" the idea of refurbishment to those present.
British inventor microchips himself to get into house and car with a wave of hand
a British inventor has become the first in the country to be fitted with a microchip so he can open his front door, access his office and even start his car with just a wave of his hand.
Steven Northam, 33, had the tiny chip implanted between his thumb and finger and is now offering the service to businesses and individuals who want to simplify their life with technology through his company BioTeq.
he has teamed up with Dr Geoff Watson, a consultant anesthetist at the Royal Hampshire County Hospital in Winchester, Hants, to ensure the implant procedure is carried out to a medical standard.
the technology is similar to a microchip implanted for cats and dogs, and takes just 30 seconds.
Mr Northam's company will also alter locks on houses and cars so they are compatible with the chip, for a cost of £300 each lock.
the married father of one now has technology fitted to both his home and his BMW Z4, which starts when his hand is on the wheel.
White House prop Cost Taxpayers Thousands
the White House's decision to fly a Marine helicopter to the South Lawn for an event highlighting American manufacturing last month cost taxpayers as much as $24,000, according to military records released to time.
the green-and-white Sikorsky VH-3D, known as Marine One when the President is aboard, was the centerpiece of the July 17 event at the White House showcasing American construction programs.
President Donald Trump, Vice President Mike Pence and senior White House officials toured manufacturing products from all 50 states.
the Connecticut-made helicopter was displayed alongside a yacht from Maine, a fire truck from Wisconsin, and a forklift from Mississippi.
the White House Military Office requested the helicopter's presence in a fragmentary order, or FRAGO, barely 36 hours before the helicopter landed on the South Lawn for the "unusual" event, according to the records of Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1), the unit responsible for operating the helicopter.
"I just wanted you to make sure you were aware because it's such an unusual high visibility event," the commander of HMX-1 emailed his superior, the Marine Deputy Commandant for Aviation, the day before the event.
the message indicated the helicopter would arrive on the South Lawn at approximately 7 a.m. on July 17 for the 3 p.m. event, and remain until the lawn was cleared between 6 p.m. and 9 p.m. that evening.
the note adds that should the departure from the White House be delayed, a second aircrew would be needed for the return flight due to duty-hour restrictions.
the original flight crew was with the helicopter during the event, while unit security personnel remained with the aircraft while it was the ground.
it was not clear from records provided to TIME whether a second flight crew was ultimately required.
the Hatch Act prohibits federal employees from using government property for political purposes.
records indicate that HMX-1 inquired about whether the event might violate the provision.
"one question we asked was if it was a violation of the Hatch Act and were informed it was not," the commander wrote.
"sounds like you are locked," the Deputy Commandant replied.
the "Made in America" event was designated an official event by the White House, and would not have been covered by the Hatch Act.
but even official events have political overtones.
at the event, the President made a push for healthcare reform efforts then underway in the Senate and touted efforts to rein in government regulations.
using the aircraft known as Marine One or Air Force One for politically advantageous purposes is hardly a new phenomenon.
presidents are required to use them for travel.
but requisitioning their use solely for a photo-op is unusual.
Trump drew scrutiny in February when the presidential airplane taxied to the backdrop of his first campaign rally in Melbourne, Fla., and his Twitter account is flush with messages complaining about his predecessor's use of the presidential aircraft.
"the White House is thrilled with the 'made In America' showcase that featured products from all 50 states that are made by American workers with American materials," said White House deputy press secretary Lindsay Walters.
HMX-1 crews frequently perform training flights around the Washington area and at the South Lawn to practice depositing the President of the United States at the White House with inches of precision.
when Trump was at the G-20 summit in Germany in early July, HMX-1 conducted 58 practice landings at the White House.
the flight for the Made in America event counted toward the aircrew's training requirement for the month, an official said.
unit helicopters also flew an additional 11 hours that day for "non-presidential support missions."
the White House said taxpayers did not pick up the burden for any of the other props featured at the event.
a spokesperson for Sikorsky said the company was not involved in arranging for the helicopter to be displayed on the South lawn.
HMX-1 doesn't maintain budgetary records for presidential flights, and determining the precise cost incurred by the event is difficult.
but according to Department of Defense hourly rates for fiscal year 2017, the DoD reimbursement rate for the VH-3D is $24,380 per flight hour.
unit records record the aircraft flight time as 30 minutes each way from its home base at Marine Corps Air Facility Quantico in Virginia.
the White House argues the true cost of operating the helicopter is well below that rate.
"to place a cost to taxpayers based on the reimbursement rate estimates is highly misleading," Walters said.
"These rate estimates include personnel, maintenance and many other sunk costs that are included in annual appropriations."
according to a 2015 RAND study, DoD reimbursement rates do not include the cost of personnel, but do account for fuel, maintenance, and contracting costs.
at the time, former White House press secretary Sean Spicer defended the use of the helicopter for the event.
"the idea is to showcase this week things that are made in America," Spicer said.
"And I know Sikorsky and the state of Connecticut are very proud of the fact that they contribute to our national security, that there are, I assume, hundreds if not thousands of people whose job depends on that.
and I think, like most Americans, we're all proud of the helicopter and other military equipment that so many Americans worked tirelessly to do.
so, of course, it's appropriate to highlight that."
it wasn't clear whether Trump interacted with the helicopter as he toured the South Lawn for the event, but he did step into the driver's seat of a fire truck.
inside the White House, Trump addressed Sikorsky representatives, joking with the media about his own fleet of company products.
"I know Sikorsky very well," the President said, "I have three of them."
TC BW Neuss faces tricky task
front runner of the second tennis Bundesliga is competing at third-in-table Suchsdorfer SV.
TC Blau-Weiss Neuss is competing tomorrow in Kiel, from 11am, at third-in-table Suchsdorfer SV.
despite still flawless results after five matches, the front runner of the second tennis Bundesliga is maintaining a sense of reality.
team boss Marius Zay has respect for the opponent at any rate.
"This is a compact team that always plays in very similar formation.
in the back positions, in particular, I find the team very good."
it is above all the imports from the high north that bring class and stability to Suchsdorfer SV.
"their Danes and Finns can even point to Davis Cup appearances.
and they are also strong in doubles," says Zay, referring to Harri Heliovaara (Finnland), Andre Göransson (Sweden), Sören and Esben Olesen, Martin Pedersen, and Andreas Bjerrehus (all Denmark).
"It will be difficult for us, as always.
you need a good dose of luck as well."
the Neuss team for the trip to the high north is practically set.
Maxime Janvier could give his debut for Blau-Weiß.
if the Frenchman, currently still active in the challenger tournament in Italian Biella, does not make it to the Bundesliga match, then Zdenek Kolar (Czech), who is playing in the tournament in Liberec in the Czech Republic, will be called into action for the first time this season.
the as yet undefeated Chilean Hans Podlipnik-Castillo was still hitting balls with Belarusian Andrei Vasilevski at the ATP tournament in Kitzbühel yesterday.
he should also be there in Kiel though, just like Botic Van de Zandschulp, Niels Lootsma (both Netherlands) and the Belgian Julien Cagnina.
after his two victories last Sunday against the Club an der Alster, Máté Valkusz could also move back into the team.
if that's not enough for the 18-year-old from Hungary, who in January 2016 was still number one in the junior world rankings, someone from the coaching staff around Marius Zay will fill out the squad.
how America can harm OMV
Donald Trump didn't exactly look happy on Wednesday evening as he placed his signature under a bill that would see sanctions against Russia strengthened.
"in its haste to pass this legislation," Congress packed in some "unconstitutional provisions," he griped.
the reaction from Moscow, too, was as sharp as expected, and even Brussels seethed at the US motion.
after all, the bill plans to penalise European companies that help Russians build gas pipelines into the EU.
ever since, investors in Austria's OMV, which together with other European companies has co-financed the construction of Russian Baltic Sea pipeline Nord Stream 2, have been accordingdly perturbed.
the threat is enormous.
nevertheless, it is too early to gauge the consequences, according to the official statement from the Oil group.
in reality, Donald Trump would still have to put the sanctions into being himself through an executive order.
he has twelve weapons to choose from here.
"the press" has set out to see what the group could fight off and what could really do it harm.
Narcos season 3 trailer: With Pablo Escobar gone, the Cali Cartel take centre stage in Netflix's hit series
despite season two of Narcos revealing Pablo Escobar's killer, Netflix's series is far from over.
season three and four have already been confirmed by the streaming service, the former receiving its first trailer, teasing the show's upcoming villains.
with season three, the DEA has turned their attention towards the richest drug trafficking organisation in the world: the Cali cartel.
led by four powerful godfathers, they operate "like a Fortune 500 company" just with more government bribes and violent actions.
Gilberto Rodriguez Orejuela (Damian Alcazar) is the cartel's leader, Miguel Rodriguez Orejuela (Francisco Denis) being the brains, Pacho Herrera (Alberto Ammann) running the Mexican connection, and Chepe Santacruz Londono (Pepe Rapazote) based in New York.
the newly released trailer sees Pedro Pascal return as Javier Peña, the character enlisting American and Colombian law enforcement to help with the war on drugs.
other new actors include Matias Varela, Michael Stahl-David, Matt Whelan, Miguel Angel Silvestre, Kerry Bishe, and Arturo Castro.
season three of Narcos will debut 1 September.
roll back in time: the city employs 46 kitchen assistants
the city is once more organising the nursery lunch itself.
with designated contact persons for the children and place in the team.
the clock is being turned back in the city's nurseries.
on the 1st September, the city of Krefeld is once more taking the catering in the city's nurseries (Kitas) into its own hands.
for Sonja Pommeranz, deputy head of the youth welfare services department, this is good news: "We were all delighted."
the cooking is still done off premises: a caterer takes care of this task and delivers freshly cooked, chilled food.
the city operates 46 nurseries in the district of Krefeld; in 44 of these, the children get a warm meal at midday.
in the last nursery year, 2800 children sat at the tables in each case, and demand is growing steadily.
"by now, it is not only children who are cared for 45 hours a week that eat in the Kita at lunchtime," explains Pommeranz.
"the service is also available for the 35-hour care option, when children stay until 2pm."
46 part-time staff are on kitchen duty on 1st September: they warm up the delivered meals, supplement them with salad, crudités and fruit, put the meals into individual portions, hand out the food, clear up, wash up and clean the kitchen.
"the workers are assigned to a fixed Kita," says Pommeranz.
the size - there are two-group and seven-group establishments - dictates the number of hours worked.
"the kitchen assistants now firmly belong in the Kita team," says Pommeranz contentedly.
"That way they are much more closely involved, and it is easier for the nursery head to put educational concepts in place."
because it's about this too: a healthy diet and cooking lessons.
"the children should help prepare the food."
directly linking the kitchen staff to the team makes sense then.
for the children too.
"They have a known staff member in the Kita, someone who is familiar to them, and not people who are continuously changing."
this continuity is important for the children.
the cleaning of the nursery rooms - up until now also a task for the kitchen staff - will in future be taken care of by special cleaning personnel.
this option - the separation of cleaning and the kitchen service - not only improves the quality of the kitchen's output, but also has the appeal of having turned out to be the most economical option for the city when comparing costs between in-house and outsourcing, said the press office.
and that is despite 46 new part-time staff being employed.
"But these hours don't have nearly so much impact for around 750 people in the education sector," says Sonja Pommeranz.
Afghan democracy depends on political role for women, U.N. says
elections can only be representative if all members of society, including women, play a role, the head of the U.N. mission in Afghanistan said Wednesday.
Nicholas Haysom, acting head of the U.N. Assistance Mission said hundreds of women are running in provincial council elections, three women are running for vice president and more than 30 percent of the newly-registered voters are women.
"the role of women cannot be overstated," he said in a statement Wednesday.
elections can only be truly representative and credible when women fully participate and are included in all parts of the electoral process.
Afghan provincial council and presidential elections take place April 5.
the Taliban has issued threats against an election process that coincides with the transition of international combat operations to an advisory role.
this year's elections mark the first time power is handed peacefully from one democratically elected government to the next.
Haysom said a strong role for women will add to Afghanistan's democratic success.
the Afghan Independent Election Commission reports 1.2 million women are registered out of 3.6 million total registered voters.
walking tour to mark gymnastics club anniversary
to mark 110 years in existence, Kaiseringen Gymnastics Club is inviting people on a small walking tour, followed by coffee and cake.
the walk starts on Sunday 9th July at 1pm in Frohnstetten, by the water reservoir in Amerikastraße.
from there, it is travelling to the airfield, to the Natter interceptor and over Waldhof farm, then back to the water reservoir.
the walk will last about an hour and a half.
afterwards there will be coffee, cakes, cold drinks, Viennese sausages and cheese rolls.
for anyone who needs a lift from Kaiseringen to Frohnstetten, the meeting point is in Kaiseringen, at the school.
men attempt to mug 13-year-old girl
two young men, aged 19 and 23, are said to have attempted to rob a 13-year-old girl on Thursday.
according to information from police, the men approached the 13-year-old girl, who was staying with friends on Kolpingstraße, at around 2.55pm, because they wanted to use the girl's mobile to make a phone call.
the 13-year-old refused their request and carried on walking with her friends.
one of the perpetrators then attempted to snatch the mobile and the girl's necklace, but was unsuccessful.
the duo then fled without their loot.
both young men were later arrested by the police.
investigations are underway.
GMB concern over investment at McVitie's Glasgow factory
a union is seeking reassurance from managers at biscuit maker McVitie's over its long-term commitment to production at its factory in Glasgow.
GMB Scotland said the company had been silent over the future of investment at the Tollcross site.
more than 500 people work at the plant, which produces Hobnobs and Rich Tea biscuits, among other products.
McVitie's owner Pladis said it had invested more than £5m at the site in the last few years.
it added employees and union representatives "will be the first to know" if there were any changes to its operations.
in a letter to the company's site manager, GMB Scotland called on McVitie's to "address concerns that funding is not being brought forward for the modernisation of production lines."
GMB senior organiser Drew Duffy, said: "The fact that we cannot get clarity from the general site manager over the business needs and investment plan for the future of Tollcross is deeply concerning our members.
generations of families have worked here and the workforce is highly concentrated in the local community and the greater Glasgow area, a crucial pillar of decent employment in an area of high unemployment and social deprivation.
so, from the perspective of jobs, pay and prosperity, and against the backdrop of Brexit, rising cost of living and chronic manufacturing decline, the east end of Glasgow desperately needs a thriving manufacturing presence at McVitie's."
a spokeswoman for Pladis said: "The site manager at Tollcross received a letter from GMB Scotland only yesterday and the company will be responding directly as we value ongoing engagement with employees and union representatives.
we had a regular meeting with employees and GMB representatives at Tollcross two months ago at which a number of issues were discussed openly.
we discussed with employees then that like all companies operating in an extremely competitive and uncertain economic climate, we review our operations on an ongoing basis - and that applies across our all our businesses and sites - in order to remain competitive.
she added: "In recent years, we have invested over £5m in our Tollcross site, notably on production lines and operational improvements.
we fully recognise the heritage of Tollcross as a manufacturing site and should there be any changes to our operations at the site, employees and their union representatives will be the first to know."
did PSG warn Barcelona about move for Neymar three years ago?
la Liga side may rue their interest in Marco Verratti
Paris Saint-Germain will not let up in their pursuit of Neymar after lodging a £189m offer to trigger his release clause, but did they warn Barcelona of the world-record raid three years ago?
the sensational approach has lit up the summer transfer window, with the Ligue 1 club ready to break the world transfer record by more than double the previous mark, which saw Paul Pogba return to Manchester United last season for £89m.
once completed, the move will see Neymar become the world's most expensive player and also the highest-paid professional sportsman in the world, with PSG offering wages of over £500,000-a-week after tax.
Barcelona are known to be furious with the manner of the approach and the way that Neymar has forced his way out, despite a source close to the Catalans' board insisting that the club have always done their best to look after him since his arrival from Santos in 2013.
but was the football world warned of this prospect three years ago by the PSG president?
when Manchester City expressed an interest in signing Blaise Matuidi in 2014, Nasser Al-Khelaifi had a stern warning for any club looking to sign one of PSG's best players.
"I am not worried because they know that if they touch one of our players, then we will be in opposition to them, we'll contact their players," Al-Khelaifi said.
"We respect all clubs.
but if they try to sign one of our players, they'll face consequences."
Barcelona appear to have crossed this line, with the Spanish club expressing an interesting in PSG midfielder Marco Verratti earlier this summer.
PSG made it clear that they would not allow the Italy international to leave under any circumstances, and Barcelona could well be feeling the repercussions of that interest by losing one of their prize assets in Neymar.
scooter knocked over and damaged
in the night from Friday to Saturday, an unknown perpetrator deliberately knocked over a scooter parked in the Königsfelder Straße outside residence number 30, thus causing material damage of over 200 euros to the fairing of the vehicle.
Schramberg police, telephone 07422/ 27 01-0, are appealing for leads.
police are seeking witnesses in relation to an accident on the B 215 between Stolzenau and Leese
because a car was coming towards him in his lane, the driver of a VW Touran had to swerve and grazed the crash barrier.
on Thursday evening, at around 7.55pm, the 34-year-old from Rehburg-Loccum was en route in his VW on the B215 coming from Stolzenau in the direction of Leese.
in the region of the Stolzenau bypass, a passenger car came towards him in his lane, so he had to swerve to the right.
in doing so, the Touran driver grazed the crash barrier.
the car suffered material damage.
the driver of the oncoming car, a Mercedes Benz, had overtaken a lorry and continued his journey without concerning himself with the traffic accident.
according to information provided by the victim of the accident, it may well be that the Mercedes driver had not noticed the accident at all.
the police are now appealing for witnesses of the incident as well as the driver of the vehicle that caused the accident to get in touch with Stolzenau Police Station via the telephone number 05761 / 92060.
interview: "Domspatzen report exonerates Pope brother Georg Ratzinger"
the Regensburger Domspatzen report on cases of abuse exonerates Pope brother Georg Ratzinger.
that is what author and historian Michael Hesemann says.
the final report on the abuse scandal at the Regensburger Domspatzen is still causing debate.
after its publication, Christian Weisnder, spokesman for the reform movement "We are Church," explained to the German press agency that he was expecting an apology from the former Bishop of Regensburg and current Cardinal Gerhard Ludwig Müller as well as the cathedral's Master of Music, Georg Ratzinger, the 93-year-old brother of the emeritus Pope Benedikt XVI.
it would be of great service to the reputation of the Catholic Church if Müller and Ratzinger were to express their deep regret over their own failures or their false assessments of events back then.
the Vatican paper "Osservatore Romano," on the other hand, criticised the fact that the coverage was measuring violence at the Domspatzen using "double standards."
with respect to the assaults in Regensburg, no-one doubts that these were "disgraceful and shameful acts" that must be punished and prevented in future; however, what was striking was the "level of media manipulation," according to the author Lucetta Scaraffia, historian and member of the Italian National Bioethics Committee.
"the habit of denoting the Catholic Church as the source of all evil is now a part of our everyday experience and sets up public opinion for considering that as normal," writes Scaraffia.
Princess Gloria of Thurn and taxis also said in an interview with Bavarian Radio that "people love to let loose on the Church, and it is an easy target."
she also pointed out that in her youth "beatings were a totally normal educational tool for dealing with cheeky children, of which I was one."
she thought it unfair to apply current standards to previous decades, because the world has changed.
in connection with the reports on the cases of abuse, Pope brother Georg Ratzinger cropped up a lot.
absolutely unfair, says author and historian Michael Hesemann, who together with Ratzinger compiled the commemorative volume "My Brother, the Pope" (translated into 12 languages).
"I have to come to the defence of Georg Ratzinger," says Hesemann, for in his assessment, the result of the final report "has nothing to do with him."
what exactly is in the 440-page report that lawyer Ulrich Weber, commissioned by the Diocese of Regensburg, has produced?
in total, 547 members of the Regensburger Domspatzen were "highly likely" the victims of assaults between 1945 and the early 1990s, and 67 Domspatzen were sexually abused.
the final report said of Georg Ratzinger, who was working in Regensburg from 1964 to 1994, that "in summary, it can be determined that forms of corporal and physical violence were used by the cathedral's Master of Music R. in many cases."
when he was highly emotional, in particular, the punishment for the students could be a lot more severe.
despite this, it is apparent that, in contrast to numerous others of the accused, many victims treasured the general humaneness of R. and therefore, in numerous cases, even associate him with positive memories, despite the violence."
Hesemann explains in the interview why, in his opinion, the final report on the abuse scandal at the Regensburger Domspatzen exonerates Georg Ratzinger.
for Mr Hesemann, the 440-page report on the "incidents of the use of violence against wards at the Regensburger Domspatzen" paints a contradictory picture of the cathedral's Master of Music, Georg Ratzinger.
on the one hand, many students stress his "humaneness."
on the other hand, he also comes across as a choleric type and perfectionist, who would often turn to violence if one of the Domspatzen didn't give a top musical performance.
how do you judge this final report as his biography?
Michael Hesemann: If one makes the effort and reads the entire 440-page-long report from start to finish, one actually has to ask what the name of Georg Ratzinger is doing in there at all.
eight pages are devoted to him, all in one go, and he is clearly exculpated from every suspicion of complicity or connivance in the terrible cases of sexual abuse.
the extreme acts of violence at the pre-school also occurred outside his sphere of activity.
at best, one can accuse him of having found out too late or not having taken the first indications seriously enough.
the Domspatzen secondary school, where he was active, was perceived by practically all of those asked as - to quote - "salvation," "heaven" and a "better world."
so, the vast majority of his students gave Georg Ratzinger a quite glowing testimonial, describing him as "warm-hearted," "beloved," "sincere," "competent" and "understanding," as an extremely good-natured teacher who regularly provide the boys with cakes, biscuits and sweets and was "always mobbed by clusters of children."
only a minority complained about his perfectionism and his high emotionality, which from time to time also led to outbursts of anger.
the fact that during the course of this he not only banged chairs and threw his bunch of keys to the floor, but even handed out slaps around the face and pulled on the hair or ears of all-too-impudent boys is something that he himself already admitted years ago, that he deeply regrets and apologises for.
in his defence, however, it must also be said that such methods of education in that questionable period between the 1960s and 1970s were wide-spread amongst parents as well as teachers.
do you remember such castigation methods?
I'm thinking of those of us who were born before 1968, of course.
I too experienced that, in a secular school, too, a state Gymnasium.
compared to what this report is actually about, namely, appalling sexual abuse and acts of extreme violence at preschool, these are of course mere trifles.
so one cannot help but ask whether the fact that lots of media are bearing down on him in particular does not have more to do with his fame and his role as the brother of Benedikt XVI.
indeed, lots of people are still slaving away assiduously on the Bavarian Pope who have never understood him.
but the truth is: the report exonerates Georg Ratzinger in every way!
in the media, there was a lot reported on the subject of abuse at the Regensburger Domspatzen in connection with the report.
is Georg Ratzinger also being accused in the final report of some kind of involvement or complicity in respect of sexual abuse?
Michael Hesemann: Quite clearly not.
not a single one of the 67 victims of sexual assaults claims to have confided in the cathedral's Master of Music.
not once were the parents brought in the loop.
"I never dared talk about it with my father or my mother," said one of those affected, as a representative for the others, "It was always very embarrassing for me."
but the real problem when it comes to throwing light on sexual abuse was and is that the majority of victims stay silent out of shame.
if they don't even confide in parents and siblings, then they for sure are not going to to a choir leader, who after all had been a professional colleague, as it were, of the perpetrators.
how do the Domspatzen schoolboys judge Ratzinger's role in respect of the cases of abuse?
Michael Hesemann: One pupil asked put it this way: "Regarding sexual abuse... I see... no case where he of all people (Georg Ratzinger) had had early enough knowledge and could have stopped the perpetrators in question.
I also think... it is quite absurd to assume that... boys opened up more emphatically or clearly or even sooner to him, of all people, than to their parents, the heads of their boarding houses, mentors etc.
that one would speak with him about sex... - unthinkable."
so, the report comes to the quite clear conclusion: "That affected pupils and/or those around them confided in him beforehand could not be confirmed within the scope of the investigation."
as far as sexual abuse is concerned, Georg Ratzinger has therefore been absolved of any complicity.
therefore, he can also not be accused of not having stopped it or reported it.
there is therefore also no reason to bring his good name into association with this despicable crime, as unfortunately happened in some cases.
in the media, one read a lot about "extreme acts of violence" at the Regensburger Domspatzen.
the former cathedral Master of Music, Georg Ratzinger, is accused in the report of "turning a blind eye."
does he have to live with this accusation then?
Michael Hesemann: That is indeed the big problem, that in the coverage, everything was mixed up and confounded into a huge melange of sexual abuse and acts of extreme violence and somewhere, in the middle of that, was Georg Ratzinger.
but precisely that, in turn, is an abuse of the report.
that is to say, there is a clean separation there: between the preschool and the secondary school of the Domspatzen, between sexual abuse and acts of violence as well as, shall we say, other accusations.
what is more, the report handles cases from the period since 1945, that is, from four decades, as well, when Georg Ratzinger was not choir leader of the Domspatzen.
the whole hideous educational theory of spanking, the cases where boys were downright bullied and maltreated by sadistic teachers, and from which they suffered terribly, all of these took place in the preschool in Etterzhausen and Pielenhofen, where really scandalous conditions must have prevailed.
yet the cathedral's Master of Music Georg Ratzinger had nothing to do with these, for he first set eyes on the boys when they were already at the Domspatzen secondary school.
there, as the vast majority of witnesses stress, the topic of the "preschool" was taboo.
one was only happy to have got away from it and enjoyed the much better treatment and the conditions that were even "paradisiacal" for many.
what was different at the Domspatzen secondary school then?
Michael Hesemann: Discipline still ruled there, sure, but there was no sadistic violence.
and that applies to Georg Ratzinger likewise, in relation to whom the report concludes that "many victims treasured the general humaneness of R. and therefore, in numerous cases, even associate him with positive memories, despite the violence."
so, at best, there remains the accusation of having turned a blind eye.
yet despite all the efforts, the report could only define two periods in which he was given reports about the conditions at the preschool.
the first time in 1970/71, when he was just beginning to establish himself and did not want to hear about the practices in a school where he did not even work and for which he was not responsible (according to the witness), and then next only in around 1993.
did Georg Ratzinger systematically close his ears to the conditions?
Michael Hesemann: No, for already in 1989 he wrote a letter to the director of the Domspatzen secondary school, which was even reproduced in the report.
in that, he pointed this out, "that in the preschool corporal punishment is still practised."
even when facing the risk of negative press releases he recommended urgent intervention.
that was naturally at a time when there was legal clarity that corporal punishment had long been banned in Bavaria too.
before that, it was taking place in a legal grey zone, as every one of us well knows.
so it was also difficult for him to assess where those affected were perhaps exaggerating or dramatising and where the permissible limits had really been overstepped.
but one cannot say that he always turned a blind eye.
that is simply not true.
it was first in 1980 that corporal punishment in schools was officially abolished in Bavaria as well.
Princess Gloria of Thurn and taxis indeed asserts that it is unfair to apply today's educational standards to that earlier time.
what is your opinion on this?
Michael Hesemann: We historians talk here about "the pitfall of anachronism," that is, the danger of evaluating the past according to today's moral standards.
the Princess is quite right here.
but this of course does not apply to sexual abuse, which was despicable at all times, and also not to that which was perpetrated in the preschool in terms of vile acts and violence against innocent children; that of course goes far beyond what was accepted back then.
that is all absolutely terrible and I am glad that it is finally being looked into.
but at the same time I have to come to the defence of Georg Ratzinger, for all that has nothing to do with him.
his means of disciplining and punishing, that is, slapping around the face and pulling the hair and ears, was widespread in the 1970s.
when corporal punishment was then banned, he complied strictly with that too.
what image of his time in Regensburg did Georg Ratzinger reflect then in his conversations with you for the book "My Brother, the Pope"?
did the subject of corporal punishment ever come up?
Michael Hesemann: Look, the book is about the life of his brother Joseph, that is Pope Benedikt XVI., told from his perspective, so the Domspatzen played only a subsidiary role.
nevertheless, I do not at all conceal that he ran a strict regime there.
but this too has to be said: without this perfectionism, without this demand for absolute discipline, it would hardly have been possible for him to forge from the Regensburger Domspatzen - up until that point famous rather on a national level - a world-class institution, a cultural ambassador for Europe and its musical tradition, that twice a-piece went on tour to the USA (1983 and 1987) and to Japan (1988 and 1991).
not with biscuits and sweets alone does one all at once turn insubordinate boys into great singers, and face every success, regardless of the area, but rather, with continuous discipline, passion and self-conquest.
what kind of impression did you get of Georg Ratzinger the man then in those conversations for your book?
Michael Hesemann: Through the work on the book and beyond that, I got to know Georg Ratzinger really very well, and my experience of him was always as a wonderful, humorous, totally benevolent, deeply devout and good-hearted man, who one cannot imagine would be capable of even hurting a fly.
I regularly hear how many former Domspatzen still today keep in regular contact with him, 23 years after his retirement, visit him, read to him - he is almost blind - and treat him like a member of their family.
those who up until today still do not forgive him for once being too strict with them are therefore in the minority.
most Domspatzen are today grateful to him for enriching their lives and bringing them nearer to the world of music.
and for always being a good, fatherly teacher - a strict father, sure, that may well be - but also a loving person, to be respected, whom they still look up to today and downright worship.
and please, once more, just to be clear: all that he is accused of are methods of education, that back then were order of the day.
we can be glad that we have long overcome this time.
but it is highly unjust to make a media scapegoat out of a man just because he is prominent and has an even more prominent brother.
the evil intention behind that is all too obvious.
for the report that was just published exonerates him.
now one would ask for the decency to finally leave in peace a 93-year-old man who has rendered great service and without whom probably no-one outside Bavaria and perhaps even Germany would know of the Regensburger Domspatzen
